---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 3 recap"
layout: single
---

## Winless no more!
The last two winless teams got over the hump this week, avoiding the dreaded 0-3 start.

SaQuads (140pts) nabbed their first victory over Token Female (90pts) handily thanks to >60pts from the Kupp-Adams WR duo. It was fun while it lasted, as this duo was disbanded later in the week. Token Female had a tough one, as their highest scoring skill position player was OBJ with only 14pts. But hey, look on the bright side, their bench players outscored SaQuads by 0.7pts.

Seven Eleven (110pts) finally found the tight end advantage this week, and the week's lowest scoring team, against Iron City Wet Dreams (80pts). Seven Eleven's biggest advantage though came from Josh Allen's 5 TD (1 rushing) game against the WFT. Good thing they didn't gamble on Justin Fields' putrid debut (4.6pts) and left him on the bench. ICWD is in a tough spot injury-wise, with Cook, Michael Thomas, and now A.J. Brown injured on Sunday.

In a battle of the brothers, Meme Team (154pts) nabbed the W with the highest score of the week over Team Jeff (106pts). Two of the top 3 RBs this week in Zeke (26pts) and a 19 (!) target Najee (28pts) carried Meme Team. This matchup saw a 26 pt swing at the DST position with Team Jeff starting the worst available DST by 4 points in the WFT. Are they just objectively a bad defense at this point? Pretty wild for a team with seemingly so much talent. Fun fact, the difference was so great even in this 47 point blowout that if they swapped DSTs, Team Jeff would have won 132 - 127. Seems Team Jeff and his QB Jalen Hurts aren't going to look back on this game, flush it, and move forward.

BooBoo SmitchSchloopster (123pts) stands as the last undefeated team with a victory over Los Gatos (103pts). This was a rare near-perfect start sit decision week for SmithSchloopster with Singletary (4pts) over Michel (10pts) being the only error. Los Gatos had some tough injury luck as DeAndre Hopkins and McCaffery finished with a combined 11 points. Luckily for Los Gatos, James Robinson seems to have emerged as the lead back in Jacksonville as they lost the Chubba Hubbard sweepstakes and have Kenyan Drake as their only other RB.

Dimes Szn Danny Juice (127pts) wasn't very ticklish this week against Titty Tickler (115pts). Danny Juice had an incredibly consistent performance from their QB, starting RBs, and starting WRs with a standard deviation of only 1.6 pts across those five players. In contrast, Titty Tickler's core had a std dev of 7.8 pts. Titty Tickler must be disappointed in Kyle Pitts (5pts), but can't be upset with their start/sit decisions as no combination of players could have beat 127pts.

Afghanistan Feminists (123pts) took down the ZWFT (100pts). This could have been a bigger blowout if Hollywood Brown (8pts) caught either of their deep TD passes against the Lions. Though the Feminists' QB Tom Brady dropped 33 points of garbage, almost none of it went to the ZWFT's Gronk (9pts) thanks partially to a rib injury that knocked Gronk out of most of the game. Props to the Feminists for giving up on Allen Robinson (5pts) and Amari Cooper (6pts) leaving them on the bench, starting Brown, Julio Jones (8pts), and Deebo Samuel (10pts). ZWFT remains top of the Karens Division with Feminists in 3rd. Gotta love the points for tie breaker.

## Trade recap / Waiver Wire

We really went crazy with the trades this week

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Meme Team" | "Iron City Wet Dreams" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Alexander Mattison | Receives Jaylen Waddle |
| Receives Dalvin Cook | Receives Tyler Lockett |
| Receives Tee Higgins | Receives Marvin Jones Jr. |
| Receives A.J. Brown | Receives Darrell Henderson Jr. |
|-----------------+--------------|

How did we not veto this?

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Los Gatos" | "Dimes Szn Danny Juice" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Kirk Cousins | Receives Noah Fant |
| Receives DeAndre Swift | Receives Jared Goff |
| Receives Antonio Brown | Receives Christian McCaffery |
|-----------------+--------------|

So... Swift is a top 5 ppr back now? Wild.

|-----------------+--------------|
| "SaQuads" | "ZWFT" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Saquon Barkley | Receives Cooper Kupp |
|-----------------+--------------|

Could I have gotten more? Maybe. Did I get my guy? Absolutely.

This week's hot waiver commodity was Chubba Hubbard with C-Mac's injury. He wasn't placed on IR which leads us to believe Chubba will be the lead back for less than three weeks. Even so, a whopping $175 was bid, with Titty Tickler paying $91 to get his guy.

## Predictions update
For every matchup this season, I will pick a winner and keep track of ESPN's projected winner. ESPN's projected winner will be updated after the week in case of last minute substitutions, but I will make my picks based on starting roster each Wednesday.

Week 3 I went 3-3 for a total of 8-10. ESPN also went 3-3 and sits at 10-8. This is getting boring, lets try and break the trend. Here are my Week 4 winners:
"SaQuads", "Meme Team", "BooBoo SmithSchloopster", "Dimes Szn Danny Juice", "Afghanistan Feminists", and "Titty Tickler" (this was the toughest to call).
