---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 5 recap"
layout: single
---

# Time to mix it up

The first five weeks have been a division round robin with The Tagovailorian (5-0) and BooBoo Smith Shloopster (4-1), also the highest scoring teams, sitting on top.


## Waivers and trades

Eno Benjamin had three suitors; Mr. Big Chests ($1), The Tagovailorian ($14), and BooBoo SmithShloopster ($20).

One big trade happened this week

|-----------------+--------------|
| "The Tagovailorian" | "Broken PPs" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Najee Harris | Receives Jahan Dotson |
| Receives Justin Fields | Receives Carson Wentz |
| Receives George Kittle | Receives Tyler Conklin |
| Receives Kadarius Toney | Receives D'Andre Swift |
|-----------------+--------------|


## Almost doubled

Long Arms Alan (158pts) smacked Mr. Big Chests (82.pts). LAA was busy Sunday morning and missed Isaih Mckenzie being inactive, but it didn't matter as 5 other starters scored 20+ with two of those 5 cracking 30. LAA did have time in the morning though to pick up Tayson Hill who had 34.08pts without a single target. Tayson is now the TE7 overall with only a single catch for 2 yards, but 6 total TDs. Mr. Big Chests is still playing the long game, not sacrificing any of their coveted roster spots to pick up a TE this week.

## Waller Woes

Zach White Commanders (124.64pts) had some Monday night heartbreak against BooBoo SmithShloopster (127.48pts). BBSS is trying the bold "zero QB" strategy that seems to keep working this year with only 14.48pts combined from their QB (Daniel Jones) and superflex (Christian Kirk) spots. The Commanders needed three more points from Mahomes and Waller against Josh Jacobs Monday night. Waller pulled his hamstring after just the 6th play of the game and ended up goosing. Furthermore, Josh Jacobs repeated his 30 point performance from last week to match Mahomes' 294-4 line and give BBSS the win.

## Mediocrity 

In the week's lowest scoring matchup (not quite the toilet bowl), Token Female (125.2pts) took care of business against Team Jeff (98.9pts). Token Female got a massive game from Josh Allen (36.16) who must have been playing some pretty bad team, idk who that could have been. Token Female was forced from starting Dawson Knox and instead pivoted to Will Dissly (4.1). In Token Female's defense Dissly was actually a top 12 TE heading into the week, but finished as this week's TE27 (one better than the other league!) and passed on 15 better waiver TEs though it didn't affect this week's matchup. Team Jeff continues to struggle, especially with an injured JT. But things are looking up as Breece Hall is starting to breakout, and a Damien Harris injury puts Rhamondre Stevenson in RB1 territory.

## Not close

Flushable's Not Flushable (166.82pts) dropped the week's highest total against Los Gatos Kitties (95.14pts). The Kitties couldn't get much going. Aside from Lamar Jackson (15.76), Derrick Henry (27.2), and Joe Burrow (18.28), no one on their squad hit double digits. Meanwhile, the Flushables were rolling as Jamaal Williams (5.6) was the only player to not hit double digits. Travis Kelce's 4TDs on Monday night were enough to secure the Flushables the highest weekly total.

## Should have started 2 TEs

Russia Invaders (132.54pts) fell short aganist The Tagovailorian (136.4pts). The Tagovailorian was carried by Austin Ekeler (35.9), Stefon Diggs (24.2) and DeVonta Smith (18.7). Otherwise, their team had mediocre of even bad games. Heading into Monday night, The Invaders needed 10.6pts from Hunter Renfrow for the W. That mark was sitting on the bench in the form of Zach Ertz who the invaders also started last week. Though Carr threw for 241 yards, Renfrow only saw 25 of those and seemed to be the third WR, easing back from his concussion.

## Battling for last

Broken PPs (114.28pts) faded late against Don't Call It A Comeback (149.86pts). This matchup was tight all Sunday as both teams were projected for big points. The PPs scored big from Carson Wentz (22.86), Jeff Wilson Jr. (20.2), Mike Williams (23.4), and David Njoku (14.8). DCIAC matched with Lenny Fournette (35.9), Amari Cooper (20.6), and Kirk Cousins (23.24). Heading into Sunday night, the PPs needed 40 combined points from Tee Higgins (avg 16) and JK Dobbins (22.3 in his only start). However an early ankle injury to Tee Higgins and a committe running game for the Ravens dashed the PPs hopes of a win and they now sit at a 5% chance at playoffs according to ESPN.


## Predictions

I went 5-1 on game picks last week for 16-14 overall. Yay! over 0.500. ESPN projections repeated 4-2 for the fifth straight week. This week's winners are: "Long Arms Alan", "Russia Invaders", "Team Jeff", "Broken PPs" (Byepocalypse for Los Gatos), "Flushable's Not Flushable", and "Zach White Commanders"
