---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 10 recap"
layout: single
---

# 

## Waivers and trades


There were two trades this week:

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Zach White Commanders" | "Mr. Big Chest" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Evan Engram | Receives Kyrin Williams |
|-----------------+--------------|


|-----------------+--------------|
| "The QBelievers" | "Mr. Big Chest" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Joe Mixon | Receives Travis Etienne |
| Receives Dak Prescott | Receives Justin Herbert |
| Receives CeeDee Lamb | Receives Romeo Doubs |
| Receives Kenyan Drake | Receives Sony Michel |
|-----------------+--------------|


## QB advantage

QBelievers (pts) came through on their team name against Los Gatos Kitties (pts). The Kitties were without their top 2 QBs (Lamar and Burrow) this week. In their stead were John Wolford (9.78) and James Connor (23.6) which didn't quite cut it against the QBelievers' Dak Prescott (21.2) and Jalen Hurts (). However, the top scorers for the QBelievers were WR1 and WR2 on the week CeeDee Lamb (38) and Justin Jefferson (35.3). Derrick Henry (8.7) and Chris Olave (7) were also disappointing for Los Gatos, but if you were going to have a down week with both QBs on bye, facing the week's top scorer isn't a bad week to choose.

## Week off

Russia Invaders (41.1pts) might have completely forgotten about this league after a 3-6 start against Token Female (pts). The Invaders started Kyler Murray (inactive), Hunter Renfrow (IR), Mac Jones (bye), and the Bengals DST (bye). On top of that, they started Nyheim Hines (1.9) who was only on the field for 6 snaps and Zach Ertz (2.2) who went out with a season-ending knee injury. Next up on the free win train (assuming Jer compeletely quits) are the ZWC, BBSS, Team Jeff, and Los Gatos Kitties. Its a shame for Token Female who put up a decent week with the third most points scored despite a goose from CEH. However, those points will be valuable in the final standings.

## Stop the Slide

Mr. Big Chest (pts) saved their season this week against the Zach White Commanders (95.28pts). Another week inactive for Zeke translated into 22 carries and 3 catches for Tony Pollard (21.8). Recently acquired Justin Herbert (13.04) and Travis Etienne (10.3) did just enough to complement Pollard against a less than stellar week from ZWC. The Commanders were carried by Tom Brady (17.02), D'Onta Foreman (19), and Gabe Davis (21.3). The rest of the squad was too heavy though as a trio of Saints were smacked by them Lers; Alvin Kamara (7.5), Andy Dalton (9.06), and Saints DST (6).

## 4 in a row

The Broken PPs (121.14pts) have come all the way back from 0-6, this week doing so against week entering division leader BooBoo SmithShloopster (117.08pts). During the PPs win streak, their opponents have averaged 100.9pts while the PPs have averaged 117.23pts, owing to their superior fantasy defenses. The PPs were hard carried by Justin Fields (40.38) who in the last two weeks have accounted for >37% of the PPs' fantasy points. BBSS' loss can be chalked up to injuries. Cooper Kupp (2.9) twisted his ankle. Before this week his worst fantasy score was 11.4pts... as a WR. Gerald Everett (4.3) hurt his groin early in the game leading to 3 catches for his backup in the second half.

## Monday Night Miracle (.. close enough)

Don't Call It A Comeback (pts) eeked out the W against Team Jeff (114.48pts). Heading into Monday Night, DCIAC needed >27.5 points from DeVonta Smith () and Antonio Gibson () who were projected a combined 24.18pts. Both players left the game due to injury at some point in the first half, but both returned; DeVonta Smith after a quick trip to the blue tent and Gibson after the halftime break. Both the WR1 (Hill; 15.4) and the RB1 (Ekeler; 13.3) disappointed in this one. Shoutout to Team Jeff for still Rostering Breece Hall.

Gibson was wide open for a TD in the 3rd quarter but the pressure got there.

## Heavyweight bout

Flushable's Not Flushable (155.28pts) took possession of the Trubusky division lead against the Pickett division leader Tagovailorian (118.42pts). Fun fact about this week 10 matchup, both teams have started the same defense they drafted (Eagles / 49ers), both drafted in the 16th round. Lets do a deep dive here. Both teams started their drafted DST all but 1 week. When the Tagovailorian sat the Eagles on their bye, they lost by 76pts. When FNF sat the 49ers when they played KC, they lost by 5 points even though the replacement outscore the 49ers. Both teams have averaged an advantage at the position through 10 weeks, neither lost a game because of DST scores, but The Tagovailorian attributes 1 win to the Eagles DST, and FNF attributes 2 wins to the 49ers DST. Outside of the defenses, The Tagovailorian had disappointing games from KW3 (13.2) and D'Andre Swift (8.2) while FNF had another great stack from Mahomes and Kelce (52.24 combined).

## Predictions

Last week I went 2-4 on game picks for 31-29 overall. ESPN projections only went 1-5 for 32-22 overall. This week's winners are: "The QBelievers", "Russia Invaders", "Zach White Commanders", "BBSS", "Team Jeff", and "Flushables Not Flushable"
