---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 8 recap"
layout: single
---

# Scoring is back!

It was a week of TDs as 5 skill position players had 3 TDs (AJ Brown, Kamara, CMC, Foreman, and Pollard), and 9 scored more than 30 points. 5 teams are >2 games in playoffs positions with the rest of the league vying for the last spot. Shoutout to the Broken PPs who have won 2 straight and sit with a higher playoff probability than Mr. Big Chest.

## Waivers and trades

Waivers were pretty quiet as only 3 players were bid on.
There were 4 trades involving 20 total player swaps that I don't feel like typing out tbh, go check Recent Activity.

## One for the books

I usually start these write-ups with my matchup first because I'm the best. But this week, I conceed to the showdown between Flushable's Not Flushable (193.7pts) and Mr. Big Chest (184.4pts). MBC came out swining in the early window as A.J. Brown (39.6) was a grown-up playing against PeeWee DBs Mossing the Steelers for 3 TDs in the first half. Tony Pollard (33.7) also took advantage of Zeke being inactive and Dhop (33.9) kept it rolling. Alvin Kamara (42.8) was keeping FNF in it though with their first 3 TDs of the year. Things took a turn for MBC in the second half though, as AJ was shoe string tackled before they could snag their 4th TD and FNF's Carolina duo of D'Onta Foreman (31.8) and DJ Moore (27.5) combined for 3 TDs in the 4th quarter. In the late window, FNF had CMC (40.26) already make the 49ers trade worth it by throwing, catching, and rushing in a TD. It came down to Monday night as MBC had Mixon down 14pts against FNF's Hayden Hurst. The Browns shut down the hapless Bungles all night however and MBC never caught up. Even more tragic was MBC claiming they meant to swap out Malik Willis (2.4) and swap in Boyd (12.8) whose garbage time TD would have been enough. This matchup saw 1,042 yards and 17 TDs from just 7 players.

## Thanks Zach

BooBoo SmithShloopster (123.2pts) defeated The QBelievers (104.8pts). The QBelievers started rough with an injured Rashod Bateman Thursday night thanks to Zach's encouragement. Recently acquired Jonathan Taylor also had a rough game (5.6) fumbling once and leaving the game for a while to get their reaggravated ankle tapped. He also decided to not start a DST though none on waivers scored >17. BBSS also had a weak game from a star runningback (Jacobs; 7.4), but both Nick Chubb (25.4) and Cooper Kupp (22.9) showed up. BBSS stays atop the Trubisky division at 6-2.

## Ukrainian Kitties

Los Gatos Kitties (137pts) successfully defended against the Russia Invaders (121.9pts). The Invaders put up a respectable score (Week 8 median 122.4pts) despite having to start Nyheim Hines (12.9), Hunter Renfrow (1.6) and an injury to Mark Andrews (6.3). They did get Dalvin Cook's second best game of the season at 25.1pts and an ok game from their flexed TE Zach Ertz (13.4). All the Kitties needed was some good ole Derrick Henry against the Houston Texans (35.8).  In Henry's last 4 games against the Texans, he has 892 yards. Henry has more games of >200 rushing yards against the Texans (4) than any other RB has in NFL history in their careers (next closest LT, Barry Sanders, and Jim Brown with 3).

## Unbeatable

The Broken PPs (120.72pts) remain unbeatable by playing this weeks lowest scoring team Token Female (102.14pts). The PPs survived a horrid outing from Derek Carr (2.94) thanks to big games from Jeudy (18.3), Aiyuk (20.1) and Kyle Pitts (19). Token Female was forced to start James Robinson (1.7) and also suffered from the Raiders rough day as a Flu ridden Davante Adams only scored 1.2pts. It wouldn't be a recap if I didn't mention Token Female starting the TE15 on the week that would have been the TE42 if not for Knox's TD. Token Female did start the correct TE of their 3 rostered though with Hunter Henry (3.2) and Will Dissly (3.2) on the bench.

## Single Digits

Dont Call It A Comeback (121.6pts) did just enough against the Zach White Commanders (107.3pts). A total of 7 players scored in the single digits in this matchup. The heros for DCIAC were their QBs (Mariota 24.42; Cousins 23.48) and surprisingly Antonio Gibson (20.7). The commanders' Saquon Barkley had a below average performance (15.2). Amari Cooper (23.1) tried their best to comeback Monday night but the Bengals were unable to keep pace with the Brownies.

## Brodown

The Tagovailorian (174.98pts) returned to winning ways against Team Jeff (129.06pts). The Tagovailorian's Dolphins stack of Tua (29.18) and Waddle (30.6) connected for 2 TDs. They also benefitted from Justin Fields' emergence (26.04) and another fine game from Stefon Diggs (22.8) who is only 6.2pts behind Tyreek Hill with 1 less game. For Team Jeff there was more disappointment from Russ (14.78) and a surprising goose from Pickens. Team Jeff is still rostering Breece Hall btw.

## Predictions

Last week I went 2-4 on game picks for 25-23 overall. ESPN projections went 3-3 for 31-17 overall. This week's winners are: "The QBelievers", "Token Female", "Broken PPs", "Flushable's Not Flushable", "Los Gatos Kitties", and "Dont Call It A Comeback"
