---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 7 recap"
layout: single
---

# A week off

Sorry I took a week off last week, but we are back at it for Week 7. Its still anyone's game since we have 10 teams at 3-4 or better. 

## Boomer's fastest 3 sentences

In Week 6 the undefeated stayed winning and the winless stayed down mustering only 42pts (projected 114!). Jeff, Alan, and Jer took care of business against Dave, Em, and Taylor respectively. Finally in an absolute nail biter, Cody came up 4 yards short of Steve on Monday night.

## Waivers and trades

### Week 6

After the Wentz injury, Taylor Heinecke was the hottest bid at $62 total going to Taylor for $25. JuJu was added by Cody for $21 and immediately paid off with a 25 point performance.

### Week 7

A couple of trades to catch up on

|-----------------+--------------|
| "The Tagovailorian" | "Don't Call It A Comeback" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Damien Harris | Receives Tony Pollard |
| Receives Dallas Goedert | Receives George Kittle |
| Receives Michael Gallup | Receives Austin Ekeler |
| Receives Justin Herbert | Receives DeVonta Smith |
| Receives Cam Akers | Receives Marcus Mariota |
|-----------------+--------------|

|-----------------+--------------|
| "JTaylor Swifties" | "Team Jeff" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Jonathan Taylor | Receives Dameon Pierce |
| Receives Derek Carr | Receives Geno Smith |
| Receives Brandon Aiuyuk | Receives Allen Lazard |
|-----------------+--------------|

|-----------------+--------------|
| "JTaylor Swifties" | "Broken PPs" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives D'Andre Swift | Receives Kenneth Walker III |
| Receives Carson Wentz | Receives Derek Carr |
| Receives Tee Higgins | Receives Brandon Aiuyuk |
|-----------------+--------------|

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Flushables Not Flushable" | "Zach White Commanders" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Adam Thielen | Receives Kalil Herbert |
| Receives Hayden Hurst | Receives Ja'Marr Chase |
| Receives Christian McCaffrey | Receives Brian Robinson Jr. |
|-----------------+--------------|

## Thanks for carry

Zach White Commanders (pts)  came out on top against JTalyor Swifties (pts). The Swifties were too caught up with the Midnights 3AM version release and decided not to show up on Sunday. D'Andre Swift sat out the game with his shoulder/ankle injury and the Swifties' replacement AJ Dillon (1.5) only had 4 carries. Zach Wilson (7.24) was the only rostered QB playing. The only players to beat projections were Travis Ettiene (18.1) and Taysom Hill (10.12). The Commanders also mostly underscored projections, but were carried to victory by their only players to outscore projections Patrick Mahomes (27.92) and Ja'Marr Chase (33). Big win for the commanders avoiding 2-5.

## Underperformers

Team Jeff (pts) crawled their way to a win against Russia Invaders (86.78pts). Only three players outscored projections in this matchup, two for the losing team (Mike Evans 18.6 / Zeke 17.7) and one for Team Jeff (Stevenson ). Team Jeff didn't have any true duds which enough for a fantasy W these days. Russia Invaders however got only 0.4pts each from JD McKissic (unsurprising) and Mark Andrews (very surprising, especially in PPR). Andrews only had 2 targets in the Ravens win catching neither but did carry the ball once for 4 yards.

## Geaux Bengals

Los Gatos Kitties (124.74pts) channeled their feline energy against Mr. Big Chest (101.26pts). The Kitties were carried by a super performance from Joe Burrow (39.24) who had over 200 passing yards in the first quarter Sunday against the Falcons. Derrick Henry (16.8) also took care of business with 33 touches against the spiralling Colts who now move to Sam Ellinger at QB. The Kitties' Amon-Ra St. Brown (1.4) fell victim (or was saved depending how you look at it) to the NFL's new concussion protocol and was ruled out early in the game. MBC's Romeo Doubs felt bad and decided to even things out missing on all 4 of his targets. Interestingly, they were all statted as uncatchable by FantasyPros. You be the judge on [this one](https://www.nfl.com/videos/romeo-doubs-drops-rodgers-pivotal-fourth-down-pass-in-fourth-quarter). MBC finally got Dak back but a strong running game meant the Prescott-Lamb stack produced only 22.68pts.

## On the board!

Broken PPs (124.42pts) finally won a game against Flushable's Not Flushable (pts). The PPs made a key trade last week to acquire Kenneth Walker III (28.8) who went off against the Chargers defense ranked 29th against fantasy RBs. In the same trade he received Brandon Aiuyuk (15.2) and Derek Carr (13.54). The PPs are still cursed though, as Derek Carr was almost injured, sitting out one snap, and both David Njoku (14.1) and Mike Williams (21.6) suffering ankle injuries but not before producing points. FNF was looking toward the future with their trade this week for CMC (8.2). Shoutout to the Flushables for starting DJ Moore (19.6) though their only other option was an injured Tyler Lockett (11.5).

## Sleeping on the Couch

Don't Call It A Comeback (158.76pts) destroyed Token Female (pts) this week. Token Female had decent games from T-Law (18.7), Aaron Jones (28.6), and Davante Adams (17.5), but absolute stinkers from James Robinson (goose), DK Metcalf (2.2; injured early), and Hunter Henry. Something about bad TE woes. Perusing DCIAC's roster, it didn't seem like it should add up to ~160, but man does Austin Ekeler make a difference. After starting the year with 3 mediocre outings (14.3 avg), Ekeler has scored >34 in 3 of the last 4 weeks. Outside of his 173 rushing yards against the Browns, Ekeler has only 207 rushing yards (<30 per game) compared to 261 receiving yards (excluding his highest receiving game 96 yards this week). Ekeler is on pace for >120 catches, 19 TDs, and almost 1800 yards. This trend probably won't hold, but through seven games (which is a lot), Ekeler would finish with about 413 fantasy points; more than Cooper Kupp in 2021 (295), Josh Allen in 2021 (402), CMC in 2019 (355), and close to Lamar in 2019 (416).

## Down goes the champ

BooBoo SmithShloopster (147.72pts) ended the undefeated run of The Tagovailorian (pts). It was bound to happen eventually, as heading into the week, The Tagovailorian had ~597 points against compared to the highest 777 (Los Gatos) and even the next closest 700 (DCIAC). This should also knock their points for down to about third, evening out their >200 Week 2. Every player for The Tagovailorian underscored their projection highlighted by a goose from Michael Gallup, and limited outings from Keenan Allen (3.1) and Damien Harris (). BBSS balled out as Josh Jacobs (36.5) continued his career year with 3 second half TDs against the Texans. Daniel Jones (28.78) got it done on the ground with >100 rushing yards and a rushing TD. Their squad also had Eno Benjamin (23.2) and Christian Kirk (18.7) hangin out on the bench. BBSS now moves to 5-2 and first place in the division after the previous leader (FNF) lost to the only winless team. 

## Predictions

Week 6 I went 4-2. Week 7 I went 3-3 on game picks for 23-19 (someone call the CDA) overall. ESPN projections finally averted 4-2 with a 3-3 record Week 6 and went 5-1 balancing out to a 4-2 average through 7 weeks. This week's winners are: "Long Arms Alan", "Russia Invaders", "Team Jeff", "Broken PPs" (Byepocalypse for Los Gatos), "Flushable's Not Flushable", and "Zach White Commanders"
