---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 1 recap"
layout: single
---

# Welcome to superflex?

This is our league's inagural superflex year, and those of us who played superflex before claim "you can't win in superflex without two good quarterbacks". We chastized those that didn't draft them early, and now in week 1 the QB 24 scored <15pts and the QB12 scored <20pts. QB scoring differences did not affect this week's outcomes.


## As close as you'd like

Mr. Big Chests (124.3pts) edged out Russia Invaders (122.3pts). Going into Sunday night, Russia Invaders needed Ezekiel Elliot to score within 2pts of Dak and CeeDee which sounded super unlikely to start. However, on the opening drive it seemed the plan was to stick with the ground game for Dallas, and Dak simply could not connect with CeeDee who only got 2 catches on 11 targets. A thumb injury for Dak was promising for Russia Invaders, but the Tampa defense was stout, allowing no TDs. 

## Can't Cover JJ

Long Arms Alan (139.38pts) defeated Captain Kirk To Bridge (CKTB; 125.54pts). Superstar WR Justin Jefferson's 39pt bomb against Cam Akers' goose swung this matchup in favor of the Long Arms. CKTB had JJ's quarterback, but that wasn't nearly enough to hedge against him. This was the second matchup where the losing team had more combined QB points than the winning team.

## Do your job

BooBoo SmithShloopster (BS; 143.38pts) smacked Team Jeff (113.4pts). Team Jeff had an RB1 performance from Jonathan Taylor with 175 total yards on 35 total touches (27.5pts). However, the only other player on Team Jeff's team to outscore their projection was Tyreek Hill. That wasn't enough against BS with a huge game from Cooper Kupp and near exact projections (+/-5.4pts) from the rest of the squad.

## High points = free win

Zach White Commanders (ZWC; 160.9pts) took home the high points prize this week against Los Gatos (118.44pts). The Commanders got huge games from Patrick Mahomes (34.9pts), Saquon "he's back" Barkley (33.4pts), and WR1 AJ Brown (25.5pts) who had >65% of Jalen's passing yards. Los Gatos didn't stand a chance as only Amon-Ra St. Brown dramatically outscore their projection (20.4pts). There's nothing you can do though against the week's high point scorer.


## Steel Curtain Too Strong

Token Female (152.08pts) pulled the handle on Flushable's Not Flushable (112.38pts). Token Female had a 30-burger from Josh Allen (33.48pts) and Davante Adams (30.1pts). A 5-turnover, 24pt game from the Steel Curtain also helped. The Flushables had a rough game from Aaron Rodgers (4.7pts) who was missing his two starting tackles, and Tom Brady (11.38pts) who didn't have to do much to outscore Dallas's 3 points.

## Rough Start

Broken PPs (82.5pts) had a rough start against the Tagovailorian (141.72pts). In fact, Broken PPs' team combined with their bench score (104.6pts) couldn't beat the Tagovailorian's top 5 starters (114.92pts). Thats all there is to say about this one, hopefully better times ahead for the PPs.

## Predictions

Last week I went 2-4 and ESPN projections went 4-2. Only up from here for me. This week's winners are: "Long Arms Alan", "BooBoo SmithShloopster", "Flushable's Not Flushable", "Zach White Commanders" (heavyweight matchup), "Russia Invaders", and "Captain Kirk To Bridge"
