---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 2 recap"
layout: single
---

# 40 burger week

There were 6 players with >39 points started this week, and The Tagovailorian had three of them (spoiler alert.. he won). We got two 2-0s and two 0-2s, not bad to start the season.

## Waivers

There were four suitors for Jimmy G, with Mr. Big Chests shelling out $49 to take the handsome man. He also spent $10 on Gerald Everett. As the Kelce owner, expect him to be shopping.

## This is the Way

The Tagovailorian (207.74pts) was the first to crack 200 this year against Long Arms Alan (87.52pts). The Tagovailorian channeled his guild to absolutely assassinate Long Arms Alan with >40pts from Tua, Jaylen Waddle, and Stefon Diggs. No matter that Cole Kmet goosed and Cordarrelle Patterson flopped (4.1pts). Meanwhile, Long Arms Alan had a week to forget as only two players on their entire roster scored over 10pts (Jalen 34.02; JJ 10.8).

## No RB no problems

Los Gatos (157.38pts) scratched up BooBoo SmithShloopster (129.18pts). Los Gatos started three RBs drafted in the 1st (Henry), 3rd (Conner), and 8th (Sanders) round and only got 27.2pts combined from them. That didn't matter as Lamar Jackson (42.64pts) and Amon-Ra St. Brown (39.4pts) delivered for Los Gatos. SmithShloopster could only muster a couple of 30-burgers instead of 40 from Nick Chubb (32.3pts) and Cooper Kupp (31.8pts). A combined 23.79pts from Jameis and Danny Dimes didn't help.

## Somebody had to win

Flushable's Not Flushable (114.86pts) sneaked away with a W against Team Jeff (103.24pts). Tyreek Hill accounted for >40% of Team Jeff's points and still almost single handedly stole the W. The rest of the squad fell short though with Derek Carr (18.98pts) the only one outscoring projections. The Flushables also only had two players outscore projections (Darren Waller 17pts; SF DST 13pts), but no huge disappointments to take this week's Toilet Bowl.

## A pretty average matchup

Zach White Commanders (122.64pts) retreated against Token Female (134.98pts) that saw both teams score within 12pts of their projections. Nothing super surprising here, but it seems the Kyle Pitts disappearing act (3.9pts) was the difference in this matchup. Jared Goff (26.04pts) outscored their projection by a bit for the Commanders but I'm beginning to believe the Lions might have a legitimate offense. Token Female got the expected from Josh Allen (29.68pts) and an "on" game from Aaron Jones who scored 32pts despite getting less touches than AJ Dillon. Come on Green Bay, what are we doing here?

## Wrong Flex

Broken PPs (119.18pts) hurt their ribs against Russia Invaders (125.68pts) to fall to 0-2. Jerry Jeudy (2.2pts) left the game early after injuring his ribs. You'd think that would open things up for Albert O, but he goosed against the Texans for the PPs. Broken PPs also started MVS (3.3pts) in place of Tee Higgins, though MVs was the Thursday Night game and at the time it wasn't clear if Higgins would play Sunday. Another lesson in taking your TNF players out of your flex spots. Russia Invaders also had some duds from Dalvin Cook (7.6pts), Matt Ryan (4.8pts) and Zeke (5.9pts) plus and ejection from Mike Evans (9.1pts) that lost me my >4.5 catch prop bet that I'm still salty about. Buffalo's D came up big for the Invaders in this one with 22pts.

## A win is a win

Captain Kirk to Bridge (108.7pts) stole the game against Mr. Big Chests (75.3pts). Coincidence was the name of the game for Mr. Big Chests with surprise inactives from Alvin Kamara (replacement Jamaal Williams 7pts), and Julio Jones (replacement effectively Taysom Hill 1.4pts) combined with two suspended players (Watson / Hopkins) and an injured Dak. Mr. Big Chests was looking to the future this week having not even started a defense. We will see if this low scoring week matters later in the season. KKTB had a couple of low scoring RBs (Fournette 9.4pts; Javonte 9.5pts) and a surprise inactive of their own of Gabe Davis that played Monday night and they had no replacement. I would say kudos for starting Curtis Samuel and believing Carson Wentz won't crash and burn, but KKTB's bench lit it up this week and won by 33pts so its all a wash anyway.

## Predictions

I repeated my 2-4 performance on game picks again this week as ESPN projections repeated 4-2. This week's winners are: "Long Arms Alan", "Flushable's Not Flushable" (hopefully over hits in GB vs. NO), "Los Gatos", "Zach White Commanders", "Captain Kirk to Bridge", and "The Tagovailorian" (if you score >200 Imma think your team is good)
