---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 3 recap"
layout: single
---

# Injury strikes

There were several major RB injuries / lingering injuries. The list includes David Montgomery, Dalvin Cook, D'Andre Swift, and Alvin Kamara. But their injury luck isn't as bad as the chargers. Here is a list of their current injured starters:

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Player" | "Injury" | "Timetable" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|:----------------:|
| Justin Herbert | Cracked Rib cartiledge | Playin but in pain |
| Rashawn Slater | Torn bicep | Out for season |
| Joey Bosa | Groin injury | Week to week |
| Jaylen Guyton | Torn ACL | Out for season |
| Corey Linsley | Knee injury | Week to week |
| Keenan Allen | Hamstring injury | Missed 2 weeks |
| Donald Parham | Hamstring injury | Week to week |
| JC Jackson | Ankle injury | Week to week |
| Brandon Staley | Hot Butt (on hot seat) | Maybe fired by January |
|-----------------+--------------|

Half the league sits at 2-1. We got 3 1-2 squads, two 0-3 and one undefeated still standing (congrats Mike). For the 0-3s their playoff probability is about 30% and it drops to 15 at 0-4. Time to spend that FAAB.

## Waivers / trades

Flushable's Not Flushable made the perfect bid for Jamaal Williams ($41) outbidding Mr. Big Chests by a dollar. Los Gatos ($17) and Broken PPs ($8) also took a swing at the handcuff. Zach White Commanders ended up wasting $12 as the only one bidding on Romeo Doubs and the Tagovailorian added the overall TE3 (Conklin) for $4.

Two trades happened this week

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Long Arms Alan" | "Zach White Commanders" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Jakobi Meyers | Receives Long Arms Alan |
|-----------------+--------------|


|-----------------+--------------|
| "Flushable's Not Flushable" | "Mr. Big Chests" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Alvin Kamara | Receives Christian McCaffrey |
| Receives Travis Kelce | Receives Darren Waller |
|-----------------+--------------|


## QB advantage

Long Arms Alan (113.2pts) squashed Broken PPs (89.16pts) thanks to a 26.64pt advantage at quarterback. LAA survived poor performances by AJ Dillon (5.8pts) and Justin Jefferson (4.4pts; surprisingly still the WR10 after back2back duds). Michael Pittman Jr. hit his projection exactly for LAA at 15.2pts and Dameon Pierce broke out finally (18.1pts). All it took was playing a poor Bears team. The PPs had another rough outing with no player scoring more than 15 points.

## Buttterfingers

BooBoo SmithShloopster (120.66) ended up ahead of Flushable's Not Flushable (118.94pts). Players in this matchup were pretty near projections with only Mike Gesicki (1.6pts), Alvin Kamara (7.3pts), and DJ Moore (2.5pts) disappointing. Fun fact, Mike Gesicki earned ~$107,000 for every yard he earned Sunday compared to Jaylen Waddle's ~$1,090 per yard. Heading into Monday night, BBSS needed >13 points from Danny Dimes. It may have taken until deep in the second half, but he got it done. FNF losing by less than 2 points really came down to Alvin Kamara's third career lost fumble across > 1,300 touches.

## QB fest

Los Gatos El Gato Grande outlasted Toke Female (130.98pts) in the highest scoring matchup of the week. Contributing to the high scoring was 4 of the top 5 QBs of the week played in this game (Jackson, Allen, Lawrence, and Burrow). Token Female had a down game from Aaron Jones (5.7pts) and the Lers DST (1pt). Los Gatos survived bad games from Miles Sanders (5.4pts), Brandin Cooks (4.2pts) and the Muth (6.1pts) thanks to another monster Lamar Jackson game (40.42pts). Jackson is tied for 5th in the NFL for rushing yards with Cmac, and ranks 1st in yards per carry at 9.3. The Ravens probably should have paid him.

## Send them to 0-3

Zach White Commanders (122.36pts) marched to victory over Team Jeff (92.18pts). The Commanders overall had decent games with only a few disappointments from an injured David Montgomery (1.1pts) and Joe Mixon (6.8pts). Kyle Pitts finally showed up in the box score with 13.7pts. Team Jeff imploded this week as 2nd overall pick in a superflex league Jonathan Taylor only score 12.1pts. Russ Wilson (9.06pts) and the Broncos continued to struggle but not before tossing 17.7pts to Cortland Sutton on the Commanders roster. Tyreek Hill (5.3pts), Michael Carter (5.6pts), and Robbie Anderson (2.4pts) all dudded for Team Jeff also.

## Take off the Red Uniform

Russia Invaders (133.2pts) conquered Captain Kirk's (104.78pts) Starship Enterprise. Russia Invaders even started the concust Hunter Renfrow. However, big games from Mark Andrews (28.9pts) and Hollywood Brown (28pts) helped lead the way. CKTB didn't find much luck with their high draft capital RBs Lenny (12pts) and Javonte (9pts). They also didn't have a single player crack 20pts. CKTB doesn't get time to breath though as next week they face the undefeated Tagovailorian.

## Still rolling

The Tagovailorian (114.28pts) drew a nice matchup against Mr. Big Chests (90.88pts). The Tagovailorian got a nice game from Cordarelle "RB6" Patterson (22.3pts) and the Eagles DST (22pts). Every other player underscored projections, but that was enough against MBC, though MBC also had only 2 players outscore projections (CeeDee 22.7pts & Chiefs DST 11pts). MBC also rolled out the QB29 and 31 on the week which didn't help the cause. MBC biding their time until their 4 injured / suspended players return.


## Predictions

I went 4-2 on game picks last week for 8-10 overall. ESPN projections repeated 4-2 for the third straight week. This week's winners are: "Long Arms Alan", "Token Female", "Zach White Commanders", "Los Gatos", "The Tagovailorian", and "MBC" (someone has to win)
