---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 9 recap"
layout: single
---

# Superstar week

Each winning team this week had their top scoring player crack 25 points, and only two of those players were QBs (Mahomes 35.14; Fields 42.72). WR was also especially deep this week as the WR12 (Lockett 17.7) outscored this week's QB12 (T-Law 16.7).

As far as standings go, now over half the league sits at 4-5 or worse so even Mr. Big Chest at 2-7 on a 5 game losing streak has an outside shot at playoffs. Broken PPs (3-6) is on a 3 game winning streak, but both he and Dave face Taylor (7-2), Steve (6-3), and Cody Cat (5-4) down the stretch.

## Waivers and trades

Chubba Hubbard was the most expensive player this week going to Broken PPs for $17, which is 1 more than was bid by The Tagovailorian. Both OBJ and Mecole Hardman also went for $12. Most teams have been stingy with FAAB so far with 5 teams sitting on >$85.

There were two trades this week:

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Zach White Commanders" | "Mr. Big Chest" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Evan Engram | Receives Kyrin Williams |
|-----------------+--------------|


|-----------------+--------------|
| "The QBelievers" | "Mr. Big Chest" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Joe Mixon | Receives Travis Etienne |
| Receives Dak Prescott | Receives Justin Herbert |
| Receives CeeDee Lamb | Receives Romeo Doubs |
| Receives Kenyan Drake | Receives Sony Michel |
|-----------------+--------------|


## Poor Jeff

Team Jeff (148.1pts) got run over for the second week in a row (~175pts against last week). The QBelievers (186.92pts) had the priviledge this week led by Joe Mixon (55.1) who had 45 points in the first half alone against Carolina. Mixon finished with 5 total TDs and went from the RB13 to the RB2 on the year. Kenyan Drake (24.9), Justin Jefferson (25.5), and Dallas Goedert (24) supplemented the week's highest scorer. Team Jeff put up a good fight with all except Devin Singletary (8.8) scoring double digits and another strong outing from WR1 Tyreek Hill (27.3). Its not all bad news though as Team Jeff only faces 1 team with a winning record in the last 5 weeks of the fantasy regular season.

## Depth Matters

Flushable's Not Flushable (130.98pts) effectively used their backups to beat Russia Invaders (80.88pts). FNF were without their top 2 RBs (CMC / Saquon) Amari Cooper (still WR12 after his bye), and their defense but still put up 130 points thanks to a decent Mahomes to Kelce stack (55.74 combined) and double digits from everyone except Thielen (9.7). The Invaders had a week to forget with a pair of geese from Nyheim Hines and Robert Woods. The Titans' Malik Willis only completed 5 passes, none of which went to WRs, and Nyheim Hines saw only 4 snaps.

## The Replacements

Mr. Big Chests (118.2pts) extended their losing streak to 5 against Token Female (146.3pts). MBC is now down to a single drafted player (DHop; 9th round) after shipping Dak to The QBelievers. Trading away Mixon (55.1) and Kenyan Drake (24.9) was probably especially hurtful this week, though they did receive Etienne (RB3 on the week, 11 on the year) and tHerbert (QB18 on the week, 13 on the year). Token Female scored the third highest total on the week thanks to a trio of big games from the Pats DST (26), Josh Allen (26.8), and first half Davante Adams (36.6). Adams received 7 targets in the second half for 1 catch and 0 yards after lighting up the Jags in the first half as the Raiders blew a 10 point lead. Token Female again rolled with Dawson Knox (5.5) who finished as the TE22 on the week, two spots higher than his yearly ranking.

## Bye-week

Broken PPs (102.72pts) kept it rolling for their third win in a row; this week defeating the Zach White Commanders (65.3pts). The PPs were carried by Justin Field (42.72) setting an NFL record for rushing yards by a QB in a single game (178; thought the record would be higher tbh). They also benefitted from the return of "Score"darrelle Patterson (18.3) who scored TDs on a pair of goal line carries. The Commanders' Tom Brady (15.2) wasn't doing well all game, but came through at the end with his 55th game winning drive. That's the only positive comment I can make as even their bench combined with the starting 9 scored < 80pts. It was a week to forget for the Commanders who are still only a single game out of playoffs and only 2 more +0.500 teams on the schedule.

## Doing WoRk

BooBoo SmithShloopster (129.46pts) caught the W this week against Don't Call It A Comeback (93.76pts). BBSS started 4 WRs who each scored at least 14.9 fantasy points (Rondale, Kirk, Kupp, and Garrett Wilson). Despite having Chubb, Deebo, and Diontae Johnson on bye, BBSS held onto their 1 game division lead. BBSS also get three back to back 3 win or less teams in a row coming up, but finishes the season against the 8-1 Tagovailorian and 6-3 QBelievers with Steve (6-3) hot on the trail. DCIAC got a below average game from Austin Ekeler (24.1... seriously, avg 24.8) and duds from the trio of Devonta Smith (4.2), Antonio Gibson (6.7), and Higbee (goose). However, they still sit only 25 points out of playoffs.

## New Toys

The Tagovailorian (129.74pts) continued their impressive 8-1 season against Los Gatos Kitties (107.48pts). The Tagovailorian started 5 different players from last week, picking up two from trades (KW3, Carr) and three from waivers (Hollins, Tonyan, Iggles DST). Their Dolphins stack of Tua and Waddle was solid again this week as they combined for 43.58pts. The Kitties on the other hand swapped out only two players from last week who both were duds this week (Drake London 3.3; Tayson Hill 1.12). Derrick Henry (23.5) was also thier only player to outscore projections. Brighter days are ahead for the Kitties though as they get the same trio of 3-win or less teams on the schedule.

## Predictions

Last week I went 4-2 on game picks for 29-25 overall. ESPN projections only went 1-5 for 32-22 overall. This week's winners are: "The QBelievers", "Russia Invaders", "Zach White Commanders", "BBSS", "Team Jeff", and "Flushables Not Flushable"
