---
title: "Covidiots Fantasy Football League Week 11 recap"
layout: single
---

# We're back!

After another hiatus due to sheer lack of effort, I'm back to procrastinate work projects by crunching some fantasy stats. Speaking of crunch, thats what time of year it is, where every week counts and the parity has never been better. Lets take a look at the standings.

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Bad division" | "Good division" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| RKTH (7-4) | TTKMA (7-4) |
| BCLR (6-5) | RSK (6-5) |
| WTTB (5-6) | JCS (5-6) |
| Hindsight Lad (5-6) | Weiners (5-6) |
| Token Female (5-6) | Seattle Krakens (4-7) |
|-----------------+--------------|

Everyone is still in it! The longest win and loss streaks are currently at 2 each. ESPN's lowest chance at the playoffs is Seattle Krakens with 18%, and technically Team Tallman and RKTH can still miss the playoffs. I thought of highlighting this week's matchups but truly they all will affect playoffs and I believe Jeff still won't be eliminated with a loss. 

The 7-4 teams need 1 more win to clinch playoffs, 6-5 teams likely make playoffs with at least 1 more win. 5-6 teams likely need to win 2 out of the next three weeks, and Jeff probably has to win out.

## Waiver-wire and trades

Late in the season means its time to spend all that juicy FAAB. Token Female spent up $40 on Latavius Murray after the Broncos waived Melvin Gordon, and Seattle Krakens spent $15 on the Chiefs DST who get to face Bryce Perkins and the Rams. Shoutout to Team Tallman who put in a bid on new Jets starter Mike White 20 minutes after he was named starter.


There were four trades since my last write-up.

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Wide Tiddys Tied Biddys" | "Runnin Kupp That Hill" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Ravens DST | Receives 49ers DST |
|-----------------+--------------|

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Wide Tiddys Tied Biddys" | "Alans Five-Win We-iners" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives  Jalen Hurts | Receives Tua Tagovailoa |
| Receives  Aaron Jones | Receives Derrick Henry |
| Receives  Diontae Johnson | Receives Jamaal Williams |
| Receives  Saints DST | Receives Ravens DST |
|-----------------+--------------|

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Seattle Krakens" | "Alans Five-Win We-iners" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Zeke | Receives Tyler Higbee + $15 FAAB |
|-----------------+--------------|

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Wide Tiddys Tied Biddys" | "Jesus Christ Superstars" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Gabe Davis | Receives D'Onta Foreman |
|-----------------+--------------|

## Ouchie

Alans Five-Win We-iners (104.08pts) succumbed to injuries against Red Solo Kupp (112.58pts). The Weiners had solid games from Justin Fields (22.62), King Henry (25.36), and the Commanders DST (21) who had an early pick-six. RSK's Davante Adams (33.1) continued their stellar season with the game-winning TD against the Broncos on their opening drive of OT. Kirk Cousins (2.2) had a day to forget while Nick Chubb (9.7) had their second worst game of the year. Heading into Sunday night, it was Aiyuk for RSK down 8 points against Kadarius Tony and Rondale Moore. Knowing this, if you told me Aiyuk would only have 2 catches I'd be very happy with my win. However, BOTH Rondale and Kadarius left early in the game with injuries, and BOTH Aiyuk's catches were TDs. gg no re.

## Double up

For the first time this year, we had a team get doubled. Jesus Christ Superstars (125.18pts) accomplished this feat against Broncos Country Lets Ride (62.7pts). The superstars had a truly super performance from Tony Pollard (36.9) and a great game from Jimmy G and his 4 TDs (25.42). This matchup overall saw 10 total player score in the single digits. Pretty impressive considering there were total of 12 players in the top 24 at their position. The mark of 62 points is also aggressively low for a lineup with Dameon Pierce (3.7), Justin Jefferson (6.3), and AJ Brown (9) who on their average weeks combine for ~52pts. The Superstars continue their 3-game gauntlet against >.500 teams next week against RSK. Lets hope their superior fantasy defenses keep it up.

## Heavy-weight rumble

Token Female (154.98pts) held on for dear life against Hindsight Lad (153.56pts) in an absolute classic fantasy showdown. The movement of CLE at BUF to a dome greatly benefitted Token Female's Amari Cooper (31.3) and Dawson Knox (14; TE 5 on the week!). It wouldn't be an Emily game without being outscored at TE though as Hindsight Lad had Pat Freiermut (15.9; TE 4 on the week). Hindsight Lad's Najee Harris (27.6) also more than doubled this season's previous best, but he was still down big headed into Monday night with Dhop and CMC. Things were looking good early for Hindsight Lad, but in this own words (I went to bed after Aiyuk's 1st TD, small mercies), the Cards "couldn't keep it close" and the starters were eventually pulled, leaving him about 1 catch for 4 yards shy of the coveted 6-5. Token Female finishes out against a 5-6, 6-5, and 5-6 team while Hindsight Lad gets all sub 0.500s.

## Good and Better

Seattle Krakens were good (141.14pts) but Team Tallman Kiss My A$$ (167.9pts) was better this week. The Krakens had decent showings from RB (Swift 12.2; Stevenson 14.2) and WR (Olave 21.2; Pickens 18.3), but Team Tallmans RBs (Monty 21.1; Singletary 17.7) and WRs (St. Brown 15; Watson 21.2) were better. The Krakens had the advantage at QB from the duo of Burrow and Danny Dimes, but the Tallman's advantage at TE (Kelce 35.5) proved too great. The Tallman rebounded from a 3 game loss streak earlier in the year to retain a full game advantage for the division lead and stacked 50+ points this week toward the tie breaker. The last three weeks Tallman will see two close division opponents and a 6-5 team. Poor Jeff is out here only 31 points behind the league lead but with the most points against. They finish the year with two 5-6 teams and RKTH who did lose Kupp for the year so winning out ain't yet out of the question.

## Monday Night Miracle and tragic trades

Runnin Kupp That Hill (119.08pts) didn't employ either players in their namesake to take down Wide Tiddys Tied Biddys (114.14pts). Cooper Kupp is likely out for the year with an ankle injury, and Hill was on bye. Their effective replacements weren't so effective with Mike Williams (2.5) injuring their ankle and Mile Sanders (5.8) losing out to a pass-first game script. WTTB meanwhile had great QB games (Hurts 24.2; Dak 20.64, thank you Tony Pollard), but not much else. Heading into Monday Night, RKTH needed 29 points combined from the 49ers DST and George Kittle. Kittle decided to have a vintage game with 2 long TDs and the Cardinals couldn't get much done against the 49ers suffering 3 sacks, 2 INTs, and only scoring 10 points. Its hard to fully state "what would have happened" since many players were shuffled from WTTB's roster this last week, but lets remember his trade of the Ravens DST (16) to the Weiners for the Saints DST (4).
 
## Predictions

Week 10 and 11 I went 2-3 for 23-32 overall. What can I say? I love palindromes. ESPN went 3-2 and 4-1 for 26-29. This week's winners are: 
 "Alans Five-Win We-iners", "Hindsight Lad" (though the shares of Stillers O worries me), "Runnin Kupp That Hill", "Red Solo Kupp", and "Wide Tiddys Tied Biddys".
