---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 4 recap"
layout: single
---

## High scores for all

9/12 teams scored more than 123 points this week and everyone had >100 as well as at least a single player score >21. The weekly average was 134 so it wasn't super unlikely that three teams outscoring 130 took the L.

## Waivers and trades

Tyler Allgeier was the highest FAAB getter going to The Tagovailorian (O) for $21, with no one else competing. In fact, no two teams bid on the same player this week, though 8 separate transactions were requested.

One big trade happened this week

|-----------------+--------------|
| "Zach White Commanders" | "Mr. Big Chests" |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Michael Thomas | Receives Joe Mixon |
| Receives Christian McCaffrey | Receives Romeo Doubs |
| Receives Darren Waller | Receives A.J. Brown |
|  | Receives Kyle Pitts |
|-----------------+--------------|

Combined with Mr. Big Chests trade last week, he turned Alvin Kamara, Travis Kelce, and Michael Thomas into Joe Mixon, Romeo Doubs, A.J. Brown, and Kyle Pitts


## Almost came back

Long Arms Alan (151.36pts) survived Russia Invaders' seige (142.72pts). The day started in London with LAA coming out almost 30pts ahead thanks to Alexander Mattison and Justin Jefferson snaking redzone touchdowns from the Invaders' Dalvin Cook (10.6pts). The Invaders fought back all day since though, falling down almost 50 total points before the late window. The Invaders' trio of Murray, Hollywood, and Ertz combined for 61.38pts putting them ~39pts behind with only Mike Evans to play on Sunday night. The Buccaneers fell down early to the Chiefs creating a passing script for Brady and Evans. The Bucs had -3 total rushing yards in the first half and at one point ran 28 consecutive passing plays. Furthermore, the Chiefs were man to man covering Evans with a rookie, allowing him to rack up about 25 points halfway through the third quarter. Luckily for LAA, the Chiefs adjusted their coverage and Evans finished with 30.3pts, just shy of the win. GG.

## Harvey Two-Face

BooBoo SmithShloopster (165.34pts) defeated Token Female (124.38pts). Both teams had a Harvey Face and a Scary Face ([reference here](https://youtu.be/MTLp14MKDDU?t=148)). The Harvey Face of Token Female's (5 players) roster averaged ~20.5pts while the Scary Face (4 players) averaged 5.39pts including Dawson Knox as the TE 21 on the week. BooBoo had more Harvey Face players (6) than Scary Face (3) averaging 23.97 and 7.16pts respectively leading them to victory this week. Heading into Sunday night, BooBoo needed ~9pts from Deebo (23.7) and Kupp (26.2) combined to win. That mark came after the 
second drive of the game with expected great performances from great WRs.

## 7's unlucky

Los Gatos Kitties (133.14pts) fell short against Team Jeff (140.5pts). Los Gatos Kitties' unlucky number was 7 and 5 of their players score N.7 points (Henry 23.7, Conner 10.7, Cooks 18.7, Olave 16.7, and London 3.7). London was the only huge disappointment for the Kitties, however they must be upset leaving 29.6pt Miles Sanders on the bench. Team Jeff was carried to their first win by TJ Hockenson (39.9pts) which might be the best game from a TE of the year and another strong TE performance on the bench (Mo Alie-Cox 26.5pts). Team Jeff also survived another dud by #2 overall pick JT (3.3pts)

## Defenses are stupid

Flushable's Not Flushable (157.24pts) broke the heart of the Zach White Commanders (142.08pts) Monday night. The ZWC were riding high with a QB1 finish from Jared Goff (34.22) and solid performances across the board excluding Kyle Pitts (3.5) and rain game Rashod Bateman (4.7, left early with injury). FNF needed only 8 points from the SF DST Monday night. SF started strong with 4 sacks in the first half, but were still toeing that line until late in the 4th when Matt Stafford threw his 28th career pick 6, sealing it for FNF. I'm at least glad it wasn't too close since I advised ZWC to start Bateman over Theilen (15.2). I might have felt bad for that one. Contrary to common narratives, ZWC ranks in the bottom half in points against, but we still got time.

## Toilet Bowl

The Taigovailorian (O; 106.4pts) snuck out a victory against Dont Call It A Comeback (102.22pts). There are too many duds to list in this matchup, but what saved the week for The Tagovailorian (O) was a strong performance from the Easgle's DST (20) and Austin Ekeler scoring almost as many points as his first 3 weeks combined (34.9). I was looking at DCIAC's team to propose a trade and thought, "damn, what happened here?". Then I remembered Javonte Williams (3rd round) is out for the year and Cam Akers (4th round) just plain stinks.

## Making due

Mr. Big Chests (123.2pts) found a way against Broken PPs (112.84pts). The PPs had more QB disappointment with Staffod (7.76) and Mayfield (7.88) failing to crack 16 combined points. MBC's bench scored 12.6pts as they continue to hoard injured and suspended players. But they were crafty on the waiver wire, starting 4 waiver players (including both their QBs).

## Predictions

I went 3-3 on game picks last week for 11-13 overall. ESPN projections repeated 4-2 for the fourth straight week. This week's winners are: "Long Arms Alan", "BooBoo SmithShloopster", "Token Female", "Flushable's Not Flushable", "Russia Invaders", and "Dont Call It A Comeback"
