---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 4 recap"
date: 2023-10-04
layout: single
---

# And then there were two

We have two undefeated teams through four weeks (Token Female & The Buzzsaw) which sit at the 1st and 3rd highest points for. Four of the five 1-3 teams and the lone 0-4 (Fields of Dreams) rank as the bottom 5 points for. The spread is still tight however and we have 2 more intradivision matchups. Those at 1-3 are still only a single game out of playoffs, but its getting late early for the Owen.

As far as NFL records go, the only real surprises I'd guess are the division leading Tampa Bay Buccaneers (3-1) and the division worst Cincinatti Bengals (1-3... haha). The entire AFC South sits at 2-2 and the Bears/Panthers are the only 0-4 teams.

# Matchups

A battle of the unbeatens leads the matchups this week. Token Female and I Pickens Boogies were back and forth all Sunday. For Token Female, Stefon Diggs showed what a superstar he is, as the stubborn Miami DC refused to let Xavien Howard travel with Diggs. On only 7 targets, Diggs racked up 120 yards and 3 TDs. Meanwhile for I Pickens Boogies, AJ Brown also demonstrated their superstardom against a rookie Emmanuel Forbes Jr. Brown on nearly twice the targets of diggs went 9 for 175 and 2 including a 28 yard go-ahead TD with 1:43 left in the game. I Pickens Boogies was disappointed with their Steelers Pickett (4.46) to Pickens (5.5) stack as Pickett injured his knee and left the game early. Token Female experienced injury woes of their own as Deebo (0.6) was active despite surely not being healthy and only receiving 3 carries with 0 targets. Heading into Monday night, I Pickens Boogies was down ~5.2 points with Darren Waller left. It was a struggle all night for the Giants offense as the O-line looked worse than the Steelers' (that's sayin something). This can lead to more targets for short routes like TEs usually run, but Jones looked Waller's way only once before the last 5 minutes of the game. The Giants were driving down big and were actually moving the ball when targetting Waller. After a pair of catches, Daniel Jones fumbled on 4th & 5 effectively ending anymore chances for Waller. The final score: Token Female 123.6, I Pickens Boogies 123.56; a single passing yard difference.

The Buzzsaw (189.34) returned in full force this week against Bidet and Be Gay (96.86). Bidet and Be Gay struggled with their Burrow (4.7) Chase (14.3) stack as well as Derek Carr's injury ruining Chris Olave's day (1.4). Not like it mattered, however, since they faced off against the week's highest scorer. The Buzzsaw's runningbacks combined for 83 rushing yards and 3 TDs. Wait a minute... those figures were from starting QBs Lamar Jackson and Anthony Richardson. Kenny Walker (13.9) and an injured Javonte Williams (3.9) contributed a few points to the cause as well. Rookie sensation Puka Nacua (31.3) scored their first NFL TD in a walkoff against the Colts, and the Cowboys defense (27) returned to form against a seemingly incompetent Patriots offense. Mark Andrews only drew 5 targets but turned those into 80 yards, 2 TDs, and 25 fantasy points. My only regret is I didn't double Steve up.

Russia Invaders (101.4) flushed PP Hurts (88.16) in this week's toilet bowl. The Invaders only had three average games (Dak - 14.34; DeVonta - 14.8; Thielen - 15.2) and a long list of duds. An injury to Saquon this week allowed the Invaders to fire up David Montgomery (34.1) who balled out for 3 TDs on Thursday night. PP Hurts did not suffer from injuries this week, but did only have 2 players beat their projections (Hurts - 24.16; Evan Engram - 12.9). Everyone else underperformed like the 49ers DST against the Cardinals (1 point) as well as twice fumbling Raheem Mostert (5.5). PP Hurts was one of two teams to start a single QB this week and for neither would starting a second have affected the outcome.

Cmac at #9? (150.2) rode their titular player to victory against Team Jeff (88.34). Team Jeff had a rough go this week with surprisingly bad performances from the Steelers DST (-5) and Patrick Mahomes (15.22). Tony Pollard (9) and CeeDee (14.8) were game scripted out of necessity early leading to a subpar day for Team Jeff. Meanwhile, Cody only needed their 3 highest scoring players to claim a victory this week. CMC was a one-man offense this week accounting for nearly 45% of the 49ers offensive yards. Fortunately for Cody, 71 of those yards and a receiving score were double counted for Brock Purdy (21.32). The only other player necessary was the Jags DST going against the Falcons' Marcus Mario.. I mean Zach Wils.. I mean Desmond Ridder. Ahh who cares they're all the same, when can you admit you have a quarterback problem?

The Zach White Commanders (146.34) handed Mr. Big Chest (100.36) his first loss of the season. The Commanders were slowed by Hockenson's worst game of the year so far (4.4), and injured Miles Sanders (6.2), and a failing Bengals offense (Mixon - 8.6). Thats were the woes cease, however, as Josh Allen demonstrated fantasy dominance over the Miami Dolphins. Allen seemed to always make the right decision in a game where the Bills just couldn't miss. The Bills scored on 8 of their effective 10 drives (excluding a kneeldown for the first half and an 8-play 5:30 drive to end the game). Allen went 21/25 for 320 and 4 TDs with a rushing TD to boot. Kyren Williams (27.7) contributed with a pair of rushing TDs helping the Commanders cruise in this one. MBC's pair of top performers disappointed. Tyreek Hill (10.2) was a primary focus of the Bills defense who often saw safety help paired with a great Bills passrush to negate deep shots. Kirk Cousins (11.56) also apparently has to play poorly for the Vikings to actually win a game. MBC left Nico Collins (35.8) on the bench but that still made no difference. 

Los Gatos Kitties (136.38) avoided a 4th straight heartbreaker against Fields of Dreams (126.68). FoD finally had a great fantasy performance from Fields (28.9), DJ Moore (27.1), and King Henry (24.38). However a pair of hamstring injuries to Mike Evans (7) and the Muth (3.7) slowed their team down. FoD opted to start Tank Dell (3.9) in place of Derek Carr's sprained AC joint which was a good decision. However, the better one would have been to fire up Scary Terry (22.6) who torched the Eagles secondary, or Romeo Doubs (18.5) who received plenty of garbage time work. Though Los Gatos Kitties was too scared to chase De'Von Achane's (27) 51 point week last week, the starting RB duo of Bijan (18.7) and Josh Jacobs (27.9) were plenty productive in his place. The late drafted QB pair of Love (19.64 - QB11) and Stroud (21.84 - QB9) also paid off in the Kitties first W of the year. 

## Trades and Waiver Wire

Plenty of trades this week. We are getting active.

|-----------------+--------------|
| Cmac at #9? | PP Hurts |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Jaylen Waddle | Evan Engram |
| Jake Ferguson | Jahmyr Gibbs |
|-----------------+--------------|


|-----------------+--------------|
| Bidet and Be Gay | JPP Hurts |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Jahmyr Gibbs | Jerome Ford |
|-----------------+--------------|

|-----------------+--------------|
| Bidet and Be Gay | Los Gatos Kitties |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Travis Kelce | Chris Olave |
| Christian Watson | Brandon Aiyuk |
|-----------------+--------------|

Waivers were busy this week as the Arizona Cardinals were hot ticket items. Joshua Dobbs was won by Fields of Dreams ($31) though 3 other teams submitted bids. Michael Wilson was also stacked by FoD for $18.

## Predictions

We split even this week at 3-3 for a 15-9 total. ESPN projections went 4-2 to meet me at 15-9. This week winners will be: Minshew Mania, Team Jeff, I Pickens Boogies, Russia Invaders, Bidet and Be Gay, and Zach White Commanders


