---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 6 recap"
date: 2023-10-19
layout: single
---

# Sorry I'm late

The week got away from me so I've not got any great analyses to open with. We have 5 teams at 4-2 or better making that last playoff spot more competetive. 3 teams sit at 1-5 with an ESPN playoff probability at 10% or lower. This was the last week of intradivision games so its time to stack wins for the "Good" division (I predict we go 4-2 against the "Bad" division this week).

# Matchups

The Buzzsaw (101.18) jinxed themselves with a name change against I Pickens Boogies (132). This matchup felt a bit like "anything you can do I can do better". The Buzzsaw drafted QBs highly and ended up with Lamar (18.12) and Minshew (12.56) while IPB went with the zero QB strategy still stuck them with a pair of competent starters in Jared Goff (22.42) and Desmond Ridder (19.08). Buzzsaw started Las Vegas's best WR (Adams - 4.9) and IPB had the better fantasy option (Meyers - 17.1). Buzzsaw's 3rd round drafted WR had a good week (Garrett Wilson - 17), but IPB's had a better one (AJ Brown - 20.1). Whats more impressive is IPB was without their first round pick (Justin Jefferson) and still scored the 3rd most points of the week. GG no re.

Fields of Dreams (125.12) popped a bottle of champagne for their first win of the season against Team Jeff (116.74). This matchup was not without drama for FoD, losing Justin Fields (5.92) at one point which left an undrafted free agent Tyson Bagent to throw to their #1 WR (DJ Moore - 10.1). Shoutout Mike for hopping on the Jonnu Smith (13.6) train who was started in only 24.7% of ESPN leagues and finished as the TE4 on the week (right behind Kyle Pitts...). Team Jeff couldn't get much going on the latter half of the roster. The stars all put up respectable weeks including CeeDee (18.7), Breece Hall (20.3), and Godwin (13.7), but their TE Logan Thomas (1.2) saw his lowest target count of the year (2) mirrored by Sam Howell's least pass attempts of the year (23), and 2nd QB Mac Jones is going down with the Belichick ship (6.9 ... nice). Jones (QB27) has had a rough stretch of 10 fantasy points combined over the last 3 weeks. Both brothers are now 1-5 despite FoD sitting in the top half of points for.

Cmac at #9? (104.28) flushed Los Gatos Kitties (102.56) in this week's toilet bowl. This matchup could have gone either way as both teams left the winning player on the bench. The Kitties were victims of the late QB strategy for the first time this season as Jordan Love was on a bye, and their replacement Jerry Jeudy (4.4) had Russell Wilson throwing to them. Kudos for sticking with the Jets DST (12) in a seemingly poor matchup against the Eagle. This matchup came down to Cody down 8.28 points on Monday night with only Joshua Palmer left. Palmer on the Charger's opening drive caught a 27 yard TD pass nullified by an ineligible man downfield penalty and didn't see another target until their last drive of the 1st half. Palmer put the Kitties away on the first play of the 2nd half with a 9 yard reception.

Zach White Commanders (127.8) channeled their US military namesake returning fire against Hamas Rockets (92.76). The Rockets this week were highly underpowered as only 3 players broke double digits (Dak - 24.88; Thielen - 28.5; Bryce Young - 12.68). 3rd round draft pick DeVonta Smith (9.4) after a solid first 2 weeks can't find traction this season as they sit at WR29. An injury to RB1 David Montgomery (4.3) didn't help the Rockets' case, nor did their not wanting to risk Barkley (13.8) not playing or wanting to start any part of the Pats offense (Stevenson - 18; Zeke - 11.9). No one can blame them for the latter nor would superscoring their team have gotten them the 35.05 points needed. ZWC meanwhile were carried by Amon-Ra St. Brown's (30.4) WR1 on the week performance. A pair of duds from Josh Allen (14.86) and Joe Mixon (9.2) weren't enough to slow down the Commanders' train this week as they slide up to 4-2.

Bidet to Be Gay (128.64) handed Token Female (81.88) her first loss of the year. It felt like Token Female only started 3 players in Justin Herbert (20.08), Jonathan Taylor (11.5), and Stefon Diggs (20). Everyone else underscored tehir projections by about half! This is one to file away as "forgetable". BBG meanwhile started about 3 NFL offenses to great success highlighted by Chase (14), Kupp (27.8), and Kelce (21.4). Big brain by BBG to not sit Chase this week after having a monster game last week. Its like good players can be consistently good or something. 

Mr. Big Chest (151.88) crushed the dreams of PP Hurts (146.8) in this week's battle of champions. MBC survived a down game from Kirk Cousins (8.74) but thats where the duds list ends for both sides. Tyreek (28.3) led the way for MBC with a pair of solid games from Swift (17.8) and Kamara (17.4). PP Hurts have survived some bad injuries but were carried by Mostert (34.2) and Zack Moss (17.9) in the superflex splot. This marks the 3rd time in 6 weeks the second highest point scorer has lost to the highest point scorer. 2nd highest is truly the first loser in this league.

## Trades and Waiver Wire

Plenty of trades this week. We are getting active.

|-----------------+--------------|
| Cmac at #9? | The Buzzsaw |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Puka Nacua | Diontae Johnson |
| Kyle Pitts | Jake Ferguson |
| Gardner Minshew | Brock Purdy |
|-----------------+--------------|


|-----------------+--------------|
| Fields of Dreams | PP Hurts |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Jerome Ford | Terry McLaurin |
|-----------------+--------------|

|-----------------+--------------|
| ZWC | MBC |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Alvin Kamara | Joe Mixon |
| Nico Collins | ARSB |
|-----------------+--------------|

Wow, Tyreek and ARSB.. lookout.

Waivers were RB heavy this week with $75 tossed at RBs. PP Hurts spent up again on a Cleveland runningback nabbing Kareem Hunt for $17. The 2nd highest bid was $16 so well done. Two teams also bid $16 on Zach Evans but he went to the lower ranked Team Jeff. 3 teams wanted the stout Browns defense, going for $6 to BBG.

## Sit Your Superstar (new segment!)

I'm going to call my shot (an often be wrong) each week on a player where traditional wisdom won't let you but I can opine on my own that they'll perform worse than their replacement. I'm inspired by thinking Dmont was a sit last week (yeah yeah he got injured but the Bucs matchup was terrible and he wasn't doing great at first anyway). 

This week's SYS is Michael Pittman Jr. Pittman is WR14 on the season and seems to do better with Minshew at the helm. The Browns however are a difference making defense and give up the least amount of fantasy points to WRs this season. He should be sat for Romeo Doubs who coming off the bye plays a pitiful Denver defense. 

## Predictions

We split even again this week at 3-3 for a 21-15 total. ESPN projections went 4-2 to meet me at 23-13. This week winners will be: The Buzzsaw, Cmac at #9?, Los Gatos Kitties (byepocalypse for Hamas Rockets), Zach White Commanders, Bidet to Be Gay, and MBC (again until Tyreek gets hurt)


