---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football League Week 10 recap"
date: 2023-11-16
layout: single
---

# Ten down

60 matchups have been decided and through 10 weeks, its easy math for some averages. The Zach White Commanders are averaing 141 points a week, while Hamas Rockets sit at 112. The Commanders also have a league-low 112 points a week scored against them leaving no mystery to their 8-2 record and 5 game win streak. In points per game (so excluding bye weeks/games missed to injury), the QB1 (Jalen Hurts) averages 23.7, the QB25 (T-Law) averages 14.4. The WR1 (Tyreek) averages 24.9 while the WR37 (Godwin) averages 11.7. For RB those values are 25.4 (Achane; CMC is 2nd with 24.5 FWIW) and 10.3 (Mattison). Our league has started 14,770.54 points of fantasy production for an average of 246 combined per matchup. We got 4 regular season games left, and Max at 2-8 has still not been mathematically eliminated from playoff contention. It looks like 6-8 could sneak you in, but likely 7-7 with low points for will miss this year (thanks Jeff for changing it back to points for tie breaker instead of H2H).


## Matchups

Michael Ohers Conservators (118.06) held on Monday night for a win against Token Female (109.64). The Conservators had most players in the early slate and most of those underperformed. The Lamar-Andrews connection (21.42 combined) has been a victim of an inefficient passing game (a single passing TD). Diontae Johnson (2.7) hauled in a single catch. Believe it or not, Kenny Pickett only passed for 126 yards on Sunday and targeted 5 different receivers exactly 4 times. Brock Purdy (23.84) hopefully broke his 3 game skid and returned to his "at least 200 and 2" stat line (296 and 3) as the 49ers dominated the Jags. Kenneth Walker III was even having a rough game until he housed a screen pass for 64 yards. Token Female had only 3 players in the early window with Deebo Samuel (15.9) receiving a share of the Jags beatdown, Dhop (5.7) hauling in only 3 catches on 8 targets, and Herbert (29.42) putting up the QB2 performance on the week. Herbert did everything he could to will the Chargers and Token Female to victory in their 41-38 shootout. The Chargers scored TDs on their last 5 drives of the game and are the first team in the NFL to do so and still lose. Heading into Monday night, Token Female with their Bills stack were down 24.54 against Javonte but with Russ, Diggs, the Bills DST, and James Cook to play. The whole night was a rollercoaster. Cook fumbled on the first snap of the game and was benched for the next 16 offensive plays. I'd like to give credit to Pat Surtain for locking down Diggs, but it seemed Josh Allen was just unable to get to him, throwing 2 interceptions and losing a fumble. The Bills defense returned a fumble for a TD but upon review it was changed to an incomplete pass. When Cook did return to the game, he rumbled, racking up 109 rushing yards. The Broncos were driving late in the 4th for a go ahead TD while Token Female was down by less than 10 points, but the TD went to Javonte Williams and the Broncos missed the extra point, ruling out overtime. The only path to victory was a Diggs or Cook TD. Cook looked dominant on the final drive, but it was capped with a Josh Allen rushing TD which all but sealed things for The Conservators and sent both teams to 6-4.

PP Hurts (106.54) doubled their win total this week against Fields of Dreams (105.6). FoD had an unlucky injury to Derek Carr (5.4) early in the game. Their starting RBs also had tough matchups, but ended up much tougher than expected as Etienne (6.4) and Derrick Henry (3) combined for less than 10 points. Mike Evans (26.3) balled out, but could have had an even bigger game when he dropped a TD pass early in the 3rd. Reflecting on that play, he told the media, "I was thinking of what fan I would give the ball too [and how can I ruin the fantasy season of FoD]"... probably. PP Hurts dealt with their own injured player in Mattison (4.3) and seemed to have run out of Zack Moss (0.2) coupons. Surprisingly, Terry McLaurin (7.3) had a down game playing a sub par Seahawks defense as Sam Howell completed only 9 passes to WRs. PP Hurts and the Vikings were carried to victory on the back (and legs) of Joshua Dobbs (25.12). We all believe Dobbs to be a great Quarterback given his situations, but he pulled in only his 3rd win of the season marking 5 straight for the Vikings. Heading into Sunday Night Football, FoD was up just 13.98 but only facing Zach Wilson who cracked that mark only once this year prior to this week. Wilson looked terrible all night, but was still putting up decent numbers thanks to 54 rushing yards. The Jets were driving with 6 minutes left in the game, reaching the red zone with 1:22 to play with Zach Wilson having cracked 14 points. A killer interception threw the Jets spiraling and put FoD in the lead. The Jets still had 3 timeouts however and stuffed the Raiders on a quick 3 & out. Getting the ball back down 4 points, the Raiders were quick to give up intermediate completions, and Wilson was able to connect with Tyler Conklin on a 27 yard, fantasy matchup winning pass. PP Hurts was still in danger of an interception on a Hail Mary but that attempt was defended effectively by Tyler Conklin to the ground. Mike has Jeff's -1 for an interception rule to thank for this loss.

I've spent so much time on the first two matchups because they were the only exciting ones of the week. The next closest game saw a 42 point difference. Lets mix it up a little bit and just talk about some superstars and some super duds.

### Superstars
Los Gatos Kitties (141.7 to 80.58 over IPB) had a very even squad. The highest scorer was Chris Olave (21.4) who seemingly needs Jameis Winston to be relevant. Olave pulled in an incredible TD toe drag on a pass Carr wouldn't imagine attempting. The Kitties lowest scorer was LaPorta who with 8 points still finished as the TE15 on the week. For IPB, Ekeler had their 3rd consecutive 20 point week and didn't drop nearly as many passes this week as they did last week. ZWC were carried by Devin Singletary somehow (23.1 points, 30 carries for 150 yards and 1 TD), and TJ Hockenson who with torn rib cartilage hauled in 11 catches on 15 targets for 134 yards with 10 catches and 100 yards coming in the first half. Team Jeff saw only 1 big game coming from CeeDee Lamb (39.5). CeeDee was forcefed the ball against the hapless Giants to keep his 10 catch 150 yard streak alive through his last 3 games. Bidet to Be Gay experience byepocalypse and didn't even start a TE, but still pulled out a win. Gibbs (26.2) was BBG's highest scorer, benefitting from the shootout between the Lions and Chargers with 2 rushing TDs. His opponent, RIP Kirko Chainz distrusted the Steelers DST so much he started Jayden Reed (19.4). Mr. Big Chest could effectively dominate this section alone, but lets stick with 2 points. #1, MBC scored 188 without a defense, and starting 2 tight ends (Schultz - 11.1 TE8 / Trey McBride - 21.1 TE2). #2, Keenan Allen (40.5; WR2 on the year) hauled in 11 catches for 175 and 2 TDs was drafted in the 5th round this year but was traded for Kupp/Pacheco. Allen is putting together an impressive season for a 31 year old WR thanks to an injury to Mike Williams, an apparent bust of a pick in Quinten Johnston, and sheer talent.

### SuperDuds
Saquon Barkley (7.1) impressively averaged 5.1 per carry against the Cowboys defense but the TDs didn't come this week for the only competent offensive player on the Giants' roster. Aaron Jones (9.4) was expected to be a high scorer this week but the TDs all came through the air for the Packers this week. James Conner (7.3) in his first game since week 5 saw 16 carries but not a single target which in the past was a strength of his game. Tony Pollard (5.5) may be the biggest disappointment of the week having been setup for a smash game heavily favored at home and winning 49 to 17. Pollard managed just 3.7 yards per carry and zero targets, being nearly tripled by backup Rico Dowdle (13.9 points; 6.5 yards per carry). Hell, even CeeDee had a rushing TD in this game. 

## Power Rankings

1. Michael Ohers Conservators (6-4) - I won so I can justify this again. I am the best

2. Mr. Big Chest (7-3) - Enough superstars and decent enough QBs to make 188 and average day.

3.  Zach White Commanders (8-2) - Top of the Good Division, leads the league in Points For. Nuff Said.

4.  I Pickens Boogies (7-3) - AJ Brown off the bye and JJ back next week.

5.  Bidet to Be Gay (5-5) - Kyler for Howell is a huge upgrade... eventually.

6. RIP Kirko Chainz (4-6) - Split CMC for Swift and Breece. Maybe its time to leave T-Law on the bench

7.  Los Gatos Kitties (4-6) - On the come-up, look out for this one. 

8.  Token Female (6-4) - The Bills are... bad?

9.  Hamas Rockets (5-5) - Last in points for but sometimes its about playin your matchups. Impressive the teams at 5-5.

10.  Team Jeff (3-7) - Tough remaining schedule and 2nd to last in points for.

11.  PP Hurts (2-8) - You win, you ain't last.

12.  Fields of Dreams (3-7) - You lose, you last.

## Picks

We went 5-1 for 35-25 total. We've finally overtaken ESPN projections who went 3-3 and sit at 34-26. This week winners will be: Michael Ohers Conservators, 




