
*Article started Sept 12, completed Sept 17*

Apologies for the lack of football in this week's article but I'm on vacation. Here's a "jump to matchups" link if you don't care.

Let's talk about food! Our trip started in an Athenian cafe where I sipped Greek Coffee across from Jess's latte. Greek Coffee is traditionally cooked over hot ash in these serving cups with the grounds cooking to a sludge which settles at the bottom. Coffee is poured to a separate serving mug where the espresso like bitter beverage can be enjoyed. It's nice to try the local, and it wasn't bad but I much prefer the espresso over here. For dinner we ate at BourBadiki, starting with my personal favorite appetizer fresh Feta drizzled with olive oil and served with bread. We also split a bottle of petelouda Rose . For dinner I enjoyed some grilled Red mullet, a native species to the Mediterranean while Jess opted for Smoked Seabass. Next night's dinner was even better as we traveled to Crete and secured 10pm dinner reservations to 7 thelasses. Feta was on the menu again followed by sushi topped with Tuna from a 30lb fish caught that morning. I rediscovered how much I enjoy mussels as I tore through seafood pasta as I listened to the local alley cats argue over who gets to beg at that restaurant.

Before dinner the third night, we sipped a pair of lattes in a bookstore with the smell of newly printed novels all in Greek. We ate dinner quite early that night, sitting at 7:40pm at Apiri. The food was so good I made it halfway through the Tomato salad appetizer (covered in feta of course) and the main course before remembering to snap photos. I'm also not usually the photo type of guy, but I think my Nana will really enjoy them as she's always been interested in world travel yet has been bedridden for 5 years now. At Apiri we made a begging friend Jess called "Chops" because she was frequently licking her chops. 

This morning I picked up a double espresso and sat on the balcony to watch the sunrise before hopping on a ferry to Santorini where I had a few hours to kill.

# Matchups

Alan's Zero Win Weeners (152.26) secured the year's first hot dog against Amon Ra Dog (142.54). Though the Dolphins only scored 20 points, the offensive core was concentrated, netting 67.62 points across Tua, Hill, and Achane. Olave (3.1), Ridley (8), and Metcalf (5.9) were a trio of duds, but Aaron Jones (18.9) showed he's not washed yet. ARD were pleasantly surprised with Jayden Daniels' debut 28.16 point performance, but their namesake ARSB disappointed. Heading into Monday night, ARD needed 8 more points from Aaron Rodgers than Brock Purdy. Certainly possible and especially possible since Purdy finished with zero TDs, yet Rodgers flailed (IDK I didn't watch it) and Alan's Zero Win Weeners prevailed.

Chumpion (157.06) edged out Sesame Seed Sons (153.5). SSS infamously started the draft with 2 QBs (Lamar and AR), yet saw over 50 points from the duo. Rachaad White continued to be the dump off extraordinare finishing with 31 rushing yards but 16.6 fantasy points. Amari Cooper and Scary Terry both fell short with only a pair of catches for each of them. The Chumpions QBs disappointed (Dak 11.46 / Love 16.4 and a rolled ankle) but later round picks Rhamondre (21.6) and Godwin (22.3) combined for enough to pull out the victory 

The Underperformers (166.92) outpaced The Steagles (142.78) this week. The Underperformers had a lot of players that I actually watched this week. Zay Flowers (11.1) appeared to be a focal point of the Ravens offense and may have been the only Ravens WR to catch a pass, can't fact check that I have no internet. Rashee Rice (17.3) evaded NFL discipline and ever Linebacker the Ravens tried covering him with. AJ Brown (22.9) in Brazil picked up where he left off last season with a typical 100+ yard game we've come to expect from him. The Steagles had modest stat lines including a massive 33.2 Eagles debut for Saquons Barkley. Jaylen Waddle (16.2) didn't get injured for once, and CJ Stroud (18.66) kept at bay the fears of his rookie season being all luck. However, a knee injury to Puka Nacua (8.2) in the first half and poor games from Tank Dell (8.9) and JSN (3.9) sunk the score line so low, The Underperformers didn't have to pivot out of the "surprise" CMC injury. Side note, Jordan Mason said in a post game interview he knew he would start the Friday before the game. Isn't that strictly against the injury reporting rules???

Bill (142.16) walked to a victory over Token Female (116.22). Josh Allen (31.18) led the squad with a comeback victory over the Cardinals. Those same Cardinals ran through Bill's James Conner (19.3). Kyler Murray (14.18) was capped a little bit thanks to Conners rushing TDs. Token Female had a few bright spots including Isaiah Pacheco (15.8) and Deebo (18.7). Neither QB (Mahomes / Lawrence) broke 16 points while typical PPR machines Swift (5) and Diontae Johnson (3.9) were victims of their teams slow offenses. Josh Jacobs ended with 12.4 points despite a heavy workload, leaving Token Female 0-1.

Man, having only 4 Matchups to write about is great.

# Predictions 

I went 10-0 across the two leagues, let's go! This week's winners are: I didn't look this week, give me myself and ESPN projections
