---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football 2024 Week 4"
layout: single
---

"There are a lot of fantasy points to be had in the early games", I remarked to the group shortly before scoring dramatically slowed. We finally saw some higher scoring NFL matchups thanks in part to 3 teams falling behind by 3 scores in the first quarter (Steelers, Eagles, and Packers). Though all three teams would eventually lose, two of those contests were competitive and rife with great fantasy score lines. 

Parity is rapidly shrinking in this league, but anything that's happened through four weeks can be corrected in October. Notably, the highest scoring team (Dave - 630) has nearly doubled up the lowest scoring (Taylor - 387). The points against spread is similar with Steve on average facing 140.37 points per week. Yea so most of that was Dave's 208 point week, but let me have my fun. Our bottom 5 teams in the standings have combined for only 3 wins, less than our two undefeateds (Zach / Max). That figure is guaranteed to increase by at least 2 this week as 4 of our bottom 5 teams square off. 

Injuries are unfortunately always part of the story of fantasy football, but it seems they've been concentrated in this league. Here's a short list of players drafted to be starters that have missed / will miss multiple games and the teams they were drafted by: Puka (Mike), Tua (Mike), Pacheco (Max), AJ Brown (Jeff), CMC (Cody), Love (Cody), Rice (Me), Mixon (Me), DeVonta (Jer), Evan Engram (Jer), Kupp (Jer). Maybe I'm cherry picking, but just my quick observation.

# Matchups

Good On Paper (126.94) found their first win of the year this week against 120 in my Lambo (96.62). Through Sunday, this matchup was on pace to be the toilet bowl of the week. Anthony Richardson (5.24) left twice in the first half with injuries for GoP and Rashee Rice's knee (0) was assassinated by Patrick Mahomes' shoulder. For 120 ImL, Kyler Murray (9.98) was up against one of the worst defenses in the Commanders, but I guess Kliff Kingsbury has some damn good notes on how to slow him down and held Kyler to less than 150 passing yards. 120 ImL left 4 players on the bench who cracked 15 points, but it was still a close matchup heading into Monday night. The offensive explosion from the Lions quickly put that to rest with ARSB (20.78) and Jahmyr Gibbs (19.8) collecting a trio of TDs. It didn't affect the outcome, but shout out to GoP for starting Ertz (7.2) over both Andrews (0) and Likely (3.6).

Taylor's team (106.88) survived this week's "somebody's gotta win" matchup against the now 0-4 Token Female (102.3). Token Female was off to a slow start Thursday night as the Cowboys suddenly fixed their porous run defense, holding Singletary to 1.7 YpC and 4.8 points. Etienne (7) suffered a shoulder injury in the first quarter and did return to the game, but played behind Tank for the rest of the game. Some good news for Token Female is Brandon Aiuyuk matched his season high in yards in a game. The bad news is that figure sits at 48 yards and amassed a whopping 6.8 fantasy points. Ironically, had Token Female started Juan Jennings over Aiuyuk, she would have won. For as disappointing as Aiuyuk has been, Stefon Diggs (18.5; WR9) has been lethal in the redzone, scoring this week on a broken trick play. Taylor experienced plenty of disappointment including Tyreek Hill (8.2) who might be a must bench without Tua. Cam Akers (5.3) and Najee Harris (10.3) were highly inefficient on the ground compared to bench players Allgeier (10) and Chase Brown (23.2). What put Taylor over the top this week was QB1 Justin Fields (31.98). Fields scored a pair of rushing TDs and found plenty of open receivers in a negative game script Sunday. Unable to pull out the victory for Dem Stillers, at least Fields' effort made the difference in this fantasy matchup.

The Bear (111.44) roared to 4-0 this week against Hamas Rockets (96.14) in the battle of the unbeatens. The Bear's namesakes were mediocre again this week with Caleb Williams (11.48) and DJ Moore (11.2) controlling most of the game script Sunday. Newly Acquired Chris Olave (16.7) and Derek Carr (9.06) also did not impress but certainly did enough. The true star for The Bear was 2nd year receiver Jayden Reed (27.1). The Packers fell behind early against the Vikings so were passing most of the game. Reed averaged nearly 20 yards per reception on 7 catches and is undoubtedly a top NFL play maker. Hamas Rockets scraped together some points from James Conner (18.3) and Tre Tucker (15.4) with Davante Adams inactive. Hamas Rockets had some easy start/sit decisions with 6/7 bench players inactive this week. After the afternoon games, it was a fairly close game as it always is with Josh Allen yet to play. The Bills, however, decided to not show up Sunday night as Josh Allen only racked up 7.3 points. You're never going to sit Josh Allen, but had Jeremy decided to do so, this would have been the most wild fantasy matchup of the year. Geno Smith on Jeremy's bench balled out Monday night passing for nearly 400 yards and would have scored enough for Jeremy to beat The Bear.. until his final pass of the game which was intercepted which would have made this final score 111.44 to 111.44. In one sense, thank goodness so I wouldn't have to do any weird standings / playoff scenario calculations in December. 

The Lesser Cody (142.7; weird teamname choice, but ok sure) took down Team Jeff (129.56) this week. TLC had good games up and down the roster. Nico Collins (33.1) showed us he's still WR1 in Houston and Travis Kelce (15.9) filled in nicely for Rashee Rice. Jayden Daniels (25.02) is putting together an impressive rookie year that extends beyond fantasy points. The Commanders' success is one of the most surprising developments in the NFL so far. Team Jeff was not without superstars as Mike Evans (23.4) was targeted nearly as many times this week (14) as in the first three games combined (15). KW3 (33.6) looked unstoppable Monday night against the Lions, but by Monday night, this match was well out of hand. TLC survived a dud from Zay Flowers (2) thanks to solid games from Joe Burrow (17.28), Zack Moss (17.8), and Kyren Williams (20.4). 

Team Tendonitis (162.72) dished out the pain this week against Pain Train (138.52). Pain Train's squad did their best, putting up more points than 3 other victors this week. QBs finally decided to start scoring fantasy points in this matchup, combining for a whopping 96.74 points. Jordan Love (31.16) returned after sitting out two weeks with a knee sprain. He looked rusty at times, throwing 3 total interceptions, but also found plenty of open receivers to accumulate 389 passing yards and 4 TDs. Lamar (23.64) for Pain Train accumulated his points on the ground with 54 rushing yards and the second straight week with a rushing TD. Jared Goff (27.18) was literally perfect Monday night, completing 18/18 passed, but wasn't perfect enough to pull a victory for Pain Train. Amari Cooper (7.5) couldn't get much going with his deplorable QB, and Josh Jacobs (11.8) was erased due to game script. Rachaad White (10.4) finally averaged >4 yards per carry but only hauled in a  pair of passes as the Bucs led the Eagles almost from start to finish. Other than that, Pain Train put together a good week, but Team Tendonitis put together a great week. Saquon Barkley (13.6) repeatedly ran into Vita Vea on the goal line and Team Tendonitis was forced to start Ty Chandler (2.3) due to terrible RB depth (trade me). The WRs were the answer however. Diontae Johnson (21.3) has surged since Bryce Young was benched and is even the subject of NFL trade rumors. Malik Nabers (23.1) put together what we expect as a normal week from him at this point as he sits as the highest scoring WR in fantasy football through 4 weeks. Outside of Love, Team Tendonitis' MVP was the 49ers DST who feasted against Jacoby Brissett and the Patriots. I hope Brissett has a good injury guarantee because he's literally being sacrificed by the Pats to save Maye from having to play behind their terrible O-line.

Zero Wins Club (175.8) dominated the fantasy field this week against Mr. Big Chests (129.68). Aside from TE (Brenton Strange; 4.9) and DST (Browns 13), Andy Dalton was ZWC's worst performing player. Every other player beat their projections from the getgo. ZWC's huge week was summed up on the Raven's first snap of Sunday Night Football when Derrick Henry (35.9) ripped and 87 yard TD run. Even ZWC's start/sit decisions were perfect, including Brain Robinson Jr. over Rico Dowdle and Andy Dalton over Justing Herbert. MBC deserves some credit however as they scored their worst total of the year and still scored 5th highest. The Baker (28.88) Godwin (12.9) is in my opinion the most valuable QB-WR stack through 4 weeks given draft capital and consistency. Justin Jefferson (20.5) I'd say had a down week considering the Vikings scored 31 points and GB was down their top two CBs. Though Breece Hall (3.8) and De'Von Achane (5.9) were victims of putrid offenses (356 combined yards of offense for Jets/Dolphins), it would have taken superstar weeks from both to overcome ZWC.

# Trades / Waiver Wire

We finally like trading again!

|-----------------+--------------|
| 120 in my Lambo | Team Jeff |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives AJ Brown | Receives Scary Terry |
| Receives Brock Bowers | Receives Chubba Hubbard | 
|-----------------+--------------|

|-----------------+--------------|
| Taylor | Pain Train |
|:-----------:|:----------------:|
| Receives Rachaad White | Receives Deebo |
|-----------------+--------------|

Not much was spent on the Waiver wire. Justice Hill was everyone's favorite as 3 teams went in, yet he was claimed for only $7 by Pain Train.

# Predictions
Probability caught up with me this week for 2-4 and 16-8 on the year. This week's winners will be: 120 in My Lambo, The Bear, Team Jeff, Pain Train, Zero Wins Club, and the lesser Cody
