---
title: "The Boys Fantasy Football 2025 Week 2 Recap"
layout: single
---

# Thats more like it

Touchdowns were back on the menu this week, as our league average score shot up to 129.5 points. A whopping 14 players cracked 25 points and only four of them were QBs. Interestingly, we have 5 teams each that are 2-0 and 0-2 as the injury bug starts rearing its ugly head. Starting in week 3 we already project to have five changes at starting QB from week 1. We also haven't had any trades yet this year. That's quite rare for use, trade me cowards.

## Waivers

Waivers were busy again this week with three teams wanting a piece of Troy Franklin (CKMW2 - $25). Carson Wentz was the highest single bid earner, going to Bear Force for $28, narrowly beating out... no one. The Bills DST also went uncontested to Mrs Goff for $11 for their juicy TNF matchup against the Dolphins.


## Matchups

Team Tendonitis (161.82) stomped Justin the Nico Time (119.02) this week. JNT got out to a roaring start Thursday night with Tucker Kraft (24.4) racking up over 100 yards and a score against the Commanders. Little did JNT know, that would be the highlight of their week. Team Tendonitis assembled an exceptional squad this week as each of their nine starters exceeded double digits. The other high scoring teams this week had at least a single stud drop 30+ points, but Team Tendonitis was solid across the board. Rookie Emeka Egbuka (12.9) was their lowest scoring player and one of only three without a TD (McBride/Warren). Even Team Tendonitis' DST score a TD thanks to third round rookie bust Kaleb Johnson of the Steelers letting a kickoff bounce into the endzone while he walked to the bench where he's likely to remain until Halloween. Beyond Kraft, the only other performances of note for JNT were Drake Maye (26.3) and Bucky Irving (18.1). Omarion Hampton (3.5) seems unnecessary in the pass first Chargers offense and JJ McCarthy (4.82) looked like Justin Fields on Sunday night with <160 passing yards and 3 turnovers against the mediocre Falcons defense at home. I personally blame our 0-2 start on Jeff putting me in the "In Rodgers we Trust" division when I've made clear my desire for the Steelers' 2025 season.

Mrs Goff (179.44) needed every bit of their massive week to put away Agent Zero (159.32). This matchup might have taken the headline over mine if Mrs Goff wasn't out to such a commanding lead so quickly on Sunday. Thursday night, Agent Zero collected 20.88 points from Jordan Love who really didn't need to pass the ball in the Packers' dominant win against the Commanders. That total was quickly surpassed Sunday as the duo of Jared Goff (33.96) and ARSB (39.2) went out of their way to embarrass the division rival Bears and prove to the league week 1 was a fluke. The pair combined for three TDs, the first of which came with 2 seconds left in the first half to double up the Bears 28-14, and the last coming with under 8 minutes to play in the game to lay a 50 burger on the pop warner franchise. Agent Zero scraped together 48.14 points combined from Dak and Javonte in their overtime shootout against the Giants and got a typical big game from first overall pick Ja'Marr Chase (36.5). However, in a game so high scoring, recent free agent acquisitions Harold Fannin Jr (9.8) and Kayshon Boutte (8.6) were not enough to overcome the Lions super stack. For good measure, however, Mrs. Goff got a pair of highlight rushing TDs from James Cook (26.5) and a sack fumble returned for a TD (9 point play) in garbage time for the Ravens against the Browns. 

Team Jeff (98.02) snuck one past Team Autodraft (91.82) in this week's toilet bowl. Team Autodraft was on vacation in Yellowstone this week, though in effect they've been on vacation since the season ended last year, having made no transactions or start/sit decisions and only making their own draft selections starting in round 10. There were 5 teams this week who's starters + bench outscored Team Jeff/Hamas Rockets combined. In fact, Team Jeff's bench (86.16) nearly outscored their starters. Team Jeff had an unfortunate pair of QB injuries in Joe Burrow (7.04) and Justin Fields (3.98), though in Field's case he had at least played three quarters' worth of football before exiting. Ashton Jeanty (7.4) floundered with the Raiders offense and hasn't impressed as a pass catcher, averaging 0.6 yards per reception in two games. Hamas Rockets had plenty of failures as well as their 2nd through 5th round picks (all autodrafted WRs) combined for just 32.4 points. Matt Stafford (18.32) had their best fantasy performance since week 14 last year but the dearth of fantasy points elsewhere in the roster couldn't supplement his performance. Team Jeff was carried across the finish line with some garbage time receptions from Tetairoa McMillan (16) and a six catch, 120 combined yards day from Alvin Kamara (16). They now sit at 2-0 with the second least points for (205.56).

Bear Force 2: Nabers in Paris (134.34) edged out Token Female (123.52). Bear Force stubbornly stuck with the Cam Ward Chig Okonkwo combo. The good news is they scored more than twice they did last week. The bad news is they still only combined for 17.3 points. The other bad news for Bear Force's defense was they got dog walked by the Giants to the tune of -4 points despite having an interception and 3 sacks. The other good news is Token Female's defense scored -5 points registering a single sack and no turnovers of the resurgent Danny Dimes. Token Female had some big games Sunday from Puka Nacua (27.6) who took an end around 45 yards for a score, and Jaxon Smith-Njigba (18.3) with the pleasure of facing the oldest secondary in football (no clue if thats true but its how it feels). Bear Force was fortunate enough to have two of the four receivers this week to crack 30 points. Rome Odunze (31.8) was putting in work against the Lions even before the game turned to a blowout, and Malik Nabers (37.7) took advantage of the once in a blue moon good Russell Wilson game. Russell Wilson (31.3, 450 passing yards) was hanging out on Token Female's bench leaving Justin Herbert and a ~29 point deficit heading into MNF. The first half started great for Herbert with a pair of TD passes and 15 fantasy points, halfway to completing the Monday night miracle. Herbert may have been able to keep pace in the second half, but the Raiders offense was paltry, requiring Herbert to manage an in hand game throughout the final 30 minutes to the tune of <4 second half fantasy points and a Bear Force 2-0 start.

Call of Kyler: Murray Warefare 2 (130.4) headshot Some Whiffs Here and There (123.14). SWHT saw some uneven performances from the squad including the RB1 on the week Jonathan Taylor (29.5) and TE29 on the week Sam LaPorta (5.6) even with the Lions' 50 burger. Meanwhile, CKMW2 had double digit performances from all but Tony Pollard (9.2) and BTJ (8.9). Brian Thomas Jr. in two weeks has seen 19 targets, yet has less receiving yards (60) than Jaylen Warren (108), Kyle Pitts (96), and Dylan Sampson (77). In fact, he's fourth on his own team in receiving yards. CKMW2 was picked up by the rest of the squad including Lamar Jackson (26.3) who was passing well after the game against the Browns was put away, seemingly giving the message of being mad about his MVP snub last year. SWHT's first round QB Jalen Hurts (11.54) wasn't as successful fantasy-wise against the Chiefs but tush pushed the Eagles to victory with 1.6 yards per carry despite some controversial uncalled false starts on those plays. This matchup was tight Monday night as Baker Mayfield (19.9) had a decent showing against the Texans leaving SWHT up six points against Jakobi Meyers in the later game. Mike was chasing Meyers' 10 targets from week 1 as SWHT chased Hollywood Brown's (8) 16 week 1 targets. Though Hollywood only saw five targets this week, Meyers was still involved with a negative game script and racked up 12 targets. In fact, Meyers eclipsed the 6 points necessary for a CKMW2 victory before I even gave up watching the game that started at 10pm.

$81k team (122.62) bought a win last week and got one for free this week against Mr. Big Chests (110.34).  $81k team was the 8th highest scoring team this week thanks to the dud duo of Travis Hunter (5.2) and Brock Bowers (8.8). Bowers was battling a knee injury while Steve must have missed the news the Jaguars planned to mostly play Hunter on defense this week. Hunter still played >60% of offensive snaps and was targeted 6 times, yet he only turned that into 3 catches for 22 yards. Josh Allen (11.82) came down to Earth this week, being wholly unnecessary against the morabund Jets, but Rashid Shaheed (15.2) and KW3 (18.8) were able to find the endzone. MBC had a respectable start Thursday night with 39.1 points out of the Jayden Daniels - Zach Ertz combination despite the Commanders being dictated to most of the evening and Daniels being constantly spied (2.4 yards per carry). Perhaps the most disappointing player of the week however sat in MBC's starting RB spot. The Ravens run game was the first, second, and last thing the Browns defense cared about on Sunday. The King was held to 2.1 yards per carry on 11 attempts and no catches while the Ravens passing game averaged 7.8 yards per attempt which would have ranked top 7 in the NFL for 2024. Daniel Jones (22.84) tried to help MBC with a second consecutive strong performance, leading the Colts to not having a single possession end in a punt in two games. It must be great to be Rigoberto Sanchez right now, and its definitely not great being one of the three 0-2 teams in the "In Rodgers we Trust" division given the other three teams are all 2-0.

## Predictions

We went 3-3 again this week (6-6 total) while ESPN projections gained a game lead for 7-5 on the year. This week winners are: Justin the Nico Time (Carson Wentz is good, right?), Mrs Goff, Token Female (Saquon against the Rams, surely he doesn't rip another 50+ yarder, right?), Bear-Force 2 (Team Jeff has major QB issues), Team Tendonitis, and Call of Kyler: Murray Warfare 2.

